Sunny Savita: Hey, how are you guys? I'm audible. Can you please confirm in the chat if you can hear me then?
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin, let's start with the class.
Sunny Savita: I hope I am visible also, correct?
Sunny Savita: So please do confirm in the chat if you can hear me, if you can see me.
Sunny Savita: So that, we can start with the session.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, how many of you, you attended the previous class? Can you please let me know? Did you join the previous session or not?
Sunny Savita: Just a sec, let me share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, you joined the previous class. So, first of all, let me give you the quick walkthrough. Quick walkthrough, basically, what all things we are going to learn, how you can access your class, and all everything.
Sunny Savita: And how you can access your… all the resources, everything we are going to discuss over here. And then, guys, we'll start with the session, okay?
Sunny Savita: I hope, guys, my voice is clear, my voice is perfect. Please let me know in the chat, please do confirm if you can hear me, because a couple of people are saying my voice is not coming.
Sunny Savita: I think my voice is clear, my mic is good, my camera is good, everything is perfect, right? Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Fine. So, I think you have seen me in the first session, in the first class, in the induction class.
Sunny Savita: So, in the induction class, guys, we have clarified your… all the doubts and all everything. Along with me, I think Krista was also there inside the first class, right? And after that, actually, we have given you one week of holiday… sorry, one day of holiday. Saturday, there was, I think we haven't conducted any class, right?
Sunny Savita: And then on Sunday, I think Monol took your session, correct?
Sunny Savita: So, Molal has taught you how to do the system setup, how to install the UV packages and all everything, correct? And he has given you some sort of an introduction regarding the generative AI.
Sunny Savita: So, you got to know about the generative AI a little bit, you understood about the UV package and all… package and all everything, right? You understood what all, basically, software you need to install, right? So, you got some basic, understanding in the previous session.
Sunny Savita: But guys, in the previous class, basically, I couldn't join, because I was, not available, I was not there, I was out of the station, so I, that's why, guys, I couldn't join your previous session. Many people were asking to me, they messaged to me personally, sir, you didn't join the previous session? Yes, so, basically, I was out of the station. I think Chris, sir, our monol, has already informed you regarding that.
Sunny Savita: And because of that, I couldn't join.
Sunny Savita: Good.
Sunny Savita: Sir Kahang gait. Shadi ma gaite.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, I was in the, like, some relative marriage and all, that's why, like, I couldn't, join.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, guys, how many of you, how many of you, you are able to access your dashboard and all everything? Because I'm seeing the frequent query, in the group. Sir, I'm not able to access the classes, I'm not able to see the prerequisite and all.
Sunny Savita: I think everyone is able to find their dashboard and all, correct? Hmm…
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let me give you the quick walkthrough, how to get your dashboard, how to get your previous classes.
Sunny Savita: and how to navigate to your prerequisite and all, and what all things you need to learn, right? Now, guys, if you don't know about me, means if you join first time, if you join first time this session, if you don't know about me, I can see, many people have joined this session first time. They don't have any clue regarding the previous session.
Sunny Savita: So, what you can do, guys, you can go through with my LinkedIn. Here, I'm giving you my LinkedIn ID. You can check out my LinkedIn, you can connect with me over there, okay? Now, apart from this one, guys, here is my YouTube. You can check out my YouTube also, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, the YouTube, I generally create a content related to the Gen AI and all, right? Check out my LinkedIn, check out my YouTube, and if you wanted to know about me, so this is my complete profile, right?
Sunny Savita: So you will get to know about me, who I am, and where I'm working.
Sunny Savita: And what is my, experience and all. I think many of you, you know me, right, from the YouTube and from the, previous batches, because I took so many batches, in this, over this platform, and I think many of you, you are from the previous batch itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, so you know, so, you got to know about me, okay? You understood, what we are going to do. Now, step by step, one by one, let me, give you the complete guide, okay? So, first, basically, we'll start from the dashboard itself. Now, once you will go through with this Krishnak, learn.krishnayak.
Sunny Savita: learn.krishnaya.academy, right? So once you will go through with this website, and once you will go inside your course section, right, everyone is able to, like, click on this course section after going through this learn.krishnaya.academy.com.
Sunny Savita: Please let me know, guys, if you are able to visit to this website, if you are able to open this course section or not.
Sunny Savita: Please open your core section.
Sunny Savita: Search learn.krishnayakacademy.com. Do it, guys, fast.
Sunny Savita: Yes, if you're able to visit, then please give me quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: I'm just asking for the quick thumbs up. If you are able to visit this website, learnkrishnayak.academy, if you are able to open this course tab, right?
Sunny Savita: please give me quick thumbs up. Great. Now, after that, guys, what you will get? So, if you have enrolled inside this course, right, see, I have access of so many courses, different, different other courses and all, but guys, in your case, you will get only those courses in which you have enrolled, right?
Sunny Savita: So, I think you have enrolled inside this course? Yes or no? Are you getting this card?
Sunny Savita: Everyone is getting this card, yes or no. Please let me know inside the chat.
Sunny Savita: If you're able to get it, please tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, after going through with this learn.krishnaig.academy.com, go inside the course section and check out with your card, right? This is your card. Now, along with this course, we have given you one more complimentary course.
Sunny Savita: Right? Along with this course, we have given you one more complimentary course. So once, you guys, you will check with the course section, you will get 2-1.
Sunny Savita: two courses, right? One is this one, Full Stack GenAI Bootcamp, and along with that, you will get one more. The course name would be… let me scroll down, let me show you, the another one. The course name would be this, Advanced NLP GenAI Bootcamp.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, you will be getting two courses over there. The first one is going to be GenAI Bootcamp, the latest one, Modern Gen AI, and the second is going to be which one? The second is going to be this live NLP GenAI Bootcamp, okay? So, this is our previous course.
Sunny Savita: This is what? This is our previous course, means,
Sunny Savita: Previously, basically, we have launched it. One year back, we have launched it. So, we have given you the access of this course as well, so that if someone want to be cover the topic, right, if someone went, like, want to complete the topic in a fast-track mode, they can complete from this batch, from this live advanced NLP bootcamp. This is our previous batch.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: This is clear, guys, tell me yes or no. Great. Now, you will get this particular batch, this is the latest batch, this is the current batch. Now, once you will click on it, after clicking on it, guys, are you getting this kind of interface? Please let me know if you're getting this kind of interface.
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, you can see two things. One, basically, is a live session, and second is a prerequisite, right? So, inside the live session, you will get all the live session. Live session means what? Live session means this session.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the session, basically, which is going currently.
Sunny Savita: Right? Live session means the session, basically, which is going currently, so this session will be available as a recorded session. So, this session will be available as a recorded session, and you can go and watch over here. So, so far, we have conducted two live sessions, so you can see two recording over here.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? Inside the live section. And I hope so, everyone is able to see this one. Now, apart from this one, guys, you will get one more section that is a prerequisite one.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the prerequisite, basically, we have given you some, some prerequisite, which you can learn, which you can understand, okay, and with that, you can understand some fundamental.
Sunny Savita: Got it? But guys, the bare minimum prerequisite is a Python.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so for creating an application, the bare minimum prerequisite is going to be a Python, right? Now, here is a prerequisite section. Here is what? Here is a live session, and apart from this one, guys, you will get one more access, okay, you will get one more course access.
Sunny Savita: That's going to be live, this is going to be a previous batch, so the previous batch name is what? Advanced NLP Journey Eye Bootcamp.
Sunny Savita: I hope, guys, this thing is clear. If it is clear, I just wanted to know in the chat, just give me quick thumbs up. I'll come to today's agenda and all, everything, guys. Everything we'll discuss. Just give me 2 more minutes.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I'll come to that.
Sunny Savita: Understood. Every, I think everyone is able to get from where we have to access the course and all. Now, apart from this one, guys, now, apart from this one, you will check inside the message section. So, inside the message section, you will get access of the community chat.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So you will get access of the community chat. Now, see, this is your community chat. You can write your messages, you can write your, whatever doubts and all everything you have, right? And already people are writing. So if you have any sort of a doubt, I'm continuously monitoring this chat, so you can write over there. But as of now, when you are joining the live class.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the live class, guys, what you have to do, you have to write your classes inside the chat section.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, write your classes… sorry, write your doubts inside the chat section while… while… when you are into the live session. Other than that, you can write inside this particular chat.
Sunny Savita: Now, I'm giving you my email ID also, so if you have any sort of a doubt, which you cannot share over here inside the committee chat, then you can write to my, then you can write directly to my mail ID. So I'm giving you guys my mail ID, please keep it with you.
Sunny Savita: So that, you can write your doubts and all everything directly to me. Once you got it, guys, please let me know, so that I can proceed further.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, fast.
Sunny Savita: Did you get it or not?
Sunny Savita: I hope everyone has got it.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Perfect.
Sunny Savita: Everyone got gate, perfect, fine.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what I'll do. So, see, you go… you understood how to access the classes, and how to write the messages and all, sorry, how to ask your doubts and all, and even I shared my mail ID. So, if you have any personal doubt, anything, guys, you can directly share with me.
Sunny Savita: Now, how you can access all the material and all, right? So, let me, tell you that as well.
Sunny Savita: So guys, once you will go through with the codes, right, once you will open your codes.
Sunny Savita: Now, inside the course itself, see, this is your course, this one. Now, here, along with every classes, we are giving you the resources, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, whatever thing we are going to be discuss here, inside the live class, so you can download everything from here itself, from the resource section. So, in the previous class, previous class, basically, it was an induction class, right? So, regarding the induction class, basically, we have given you the transcript, transcript of the video, right? And along with it, guys, you will find out the resources. So, the resource thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. If it is clear, guys, you can let me know.
Sunny Savita: And guys, see,
Sunny Savita: whenever you have any sort of a doubt, right? If you're writing in the chat, and let's say if I'm not able to answer to your chat, don't worry, guys, because right after the class, we will be having the live doubt session, means you can raise your hand, and even, you can discuss with me. Whatever doubts and all you have, you can directly discuss with me.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, one more thing. See, sometime we are not able to… let's say we are missing someone's hands, right? Let's say someone is raising hand, and we are not able to pick that person. Or sometime, basically, we are not able to pick that question from the chat itself.
Sunny Savita: no need to panic, guys. Because in the initial classes, the doubt flow is going to be a little heavy, right? But by the time, it's going to be decreased. So, everyone will get their chance to ask their doubts and all, because we are not here just only for 1 or 2 weeks, we are here for next 5 to 6 months, okay? So we have to build that kind of relation where we can be comfortable with each other, right? And, guys, don't worry about your doubts and all.
Sunny Savita: every doubt and all, everything will be clarified. Not here, so if it will be clarified in the live doubt session. If it's not going to be clarified in the live doubt session, you can write in a community chat. If it's not going to be clarified over there, you can mail it to me directly, okay? So anyhow, guys, your doubt is going to be clarified, but again, I will give you a couple of more ways how you can resolve your doubts, right? Some basic doubt.
Sunny Savita: And definitely, I'll discuss that inside this particular session itself.
Sunny Savita: So, you understood about the dashboard, you understood about the resources and all. Now, what about the other thing, right? If I'm going to be, share anything in a live class, and if I'm going to be sharing any sort of a code or something, right, inside the live class, like, how you can access those things?
Sunny Savita: So guys, for that, I created a different, different, repository, and I, created a different, different notes and sheet, so let me share that link also.
Sunny Savita: So, here is first… here is a one sheet, right? So, this is going to be a notice board. So, over the notice board, guys, I'm going to be mentioned, when, we have conducted this session, right? And what is going to be a topic. So, I'm sharing the link of this Nautish board, guys, so you can, check over here for the upcoming classes, what's going to be a topic for the next week, okay? And, here I'm going to be mentioned the other information also.
Sunny Savita: also, right? I hope, guys, you got it. So I'm sharing this link with all of you, and please keep this link with all, with you.
Sunny Savita: If you want to check the further topic, that what I think we are going to be discussing in the upcoming session, okay? And do we have holiday or not? Everything, basically, I'm going to be mentioned over here.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this is a link. Please, check out with this link, and I shared with you in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Once you got it, guys, please keep it with you, right? So, this is the one thing. Now, let me share the second thing, okay? If you're not able to copy from the chat, guys, don't worry, right? Don't worry. I will share. I will share in some other way, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see this is the first one. This is the first link, which is going to be a Google Sheet. I will mention the entire calendar over here. Many people were asking to me, Sunny, when you will be giving the holiday. Please mention that. Please give us a holiday calendar and all, everything, right? So everything, guys, we are going to mention over here inside the sheet.
Sunny Savita: I hope this thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, the second thing, basically, all the notes and all everything. You will get notes along with the classes, as you know, I already discussed that, right? So whenever you are going through with any sort of classes, you will get your notes. But along with that, guys, I have created one GitHub repository, so you can find out the class-wise notes over here.
Sunny Savita: You can find out the class-wise notes over here. Making sense, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Right? So here is the GitHub. The GitHub name is going to be full istag GenAI 1.0.
Sunny Savita: Now, if I will open this folder, so here, guys, you will find out the notes regarding the first class, okay? So, I'm sharing this GitHub link so that you can get all the notes at the single place. No need to go here and there, okay? You can download all the notes from the single place itself. Is it making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. If it is making sense, you can let me know. You can just write yes.
Sunny Savita: Or you can give me a quick thumbs up in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, I'm sharing the link, link of this GitHub, so keep it with you, and yeah, going forward, I'll be sharing all the notes, code, everything, handwritten notes, each and everything I'm going to be sharing over here itself.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Please do let me know in the chat if you are able to get it.
Sunny Savita: Great, perfect. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, the second, now the third thing, basically. So, third thing, basically, if I'm going to be sharing something in a live class, right? So, let's say I discuss something over here inside the live session itself, and I wanted to share that command, I wanted to share that, particular link. Now, how I'm going to share that? So, I'm going to share that particular link, those particular command, right, or those live link and all through this notion.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, I will give you the access, means I will share the link of this, particular Notion notes, right, inside the chat while I'm doing something in a live class, or what I will do, I will import this particular notes and all everything, and I will keep it inside the GitHub itself. And the same thing will be available under your resource section. So, is it making sense to all of you guys? Tell me yes or no. So, we have three ways. The first is going to be this not
Sunny Savita: dashboard, where I will keep all the holiday, class, topic, and all everything.
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be this GitHub, where you will get your… all the notes at what, centralized place. The third is going to be this Notion link, okay? Where I will be sharing all the, where basically, guys, I'm going to be sharing all the links, command.
Sunny Savita: and whatever information I'm going to share during the live session. So if this three things is clear, please let me know in the chat, guys, so that I can proceed, okay? And even I can share this Notion link, so say here is a… I can simply copy this one, and I can share with all of you.
Sunny Savita: I'm just giving you the example, as of now, means, if I'm going to share something, right, if I'm going to share something important, then definitely I will mention over here inside the Notion, and immediately I will share that particular link with all of you, okay? So that, in a live class itself, you will be up to date.
Sunny Savita: And even what I can do, after completing this class, after concluding this class, I can import these particular notes, and I can directly upload inside your resource section, as well as over the GitHub, right?
Sunny Savita: So don't worry about the notes and all everything from our end.
Sunny Savita: everything you will get from RIT. Got it, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Perfect. So you guys, as many times I will ask as yes or no, okay? In the live class, this is my habit. So you have to be used to with all this thing. If I'm saying yes or no, then you have to say yes or no. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: Yes, everything will be uploaded in the lives, in the resource section, with respect to that specific class. But I… still, I created some, centralized places, centralized, repository and all, so that you can get this material easily. No need to go through with the class again, just open this repository, and download the material. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Clear?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sir, I don't have the community. You have access, just check out, right? So once you will go through with the website, you will get the access of the community chat and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Sir, improve the habit, reduce the frequency. Sure, Amit, I'll do that.
Sunny Savita: Thank you for creating this good structure. Great. So, can you also show how to upload? How to upload a doc to the GitHub? Hey, any good book recommended for MLDL on the chat? Please start with the session. Yes, I will, let's start with the session. See, this is the initial session. Now, guys, see.
Sunny Savita: If I'm directly going to be a star, no? Many people have joined the first time.
Sunny Savita: Right? Even I'm taking the session first time. So, I have to share all this information instead of starting the session directly.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Great.
Sunny Savita: Now, one more thing, guys, I think many people were asking to me about the syllabus and all, right? So, here is the syllabus. I can share this link as well. You can keep it with you, and according to the syllabus only, we are going to discuss all this thing, right? So, I shared the syllabus link also. Please download this syllabus inside your system.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, resources and all, everything is clear. Now, coming to the next point. So, guys, what is going to be a next thing? Next thing, basically, a VS Code. So, did you set up the VS Code inside your system, guys? Please do let me know in the chat if you set up the VS Code.
Sunny Savita: Yes. In the previous class itself, I think Monal has shown you how to set up this VS Code, how to create the environment, and all everything.
Sunny Savita: So I cannot see the course detail in the course section. I don't think so, Underlet. Please, log out.
Sunny Savita: And log in again. Okay, and check inside the course section. I think many people are able to see over there.
Sunny Savita: If you have joined first time, then I would highly recommend you to check out the previous class, because there, Monol has discussed, means other system setup and all. Don't worry, guys, again, we'll see that. Okay, again, I will show you how to create a UV environment.
Sunny Savita: Because this is going to be a very common thing for all the classes, to create an environment, to write a code, and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Unable to copy syllabus link? Just click on that, if you're not able to copy.
Sunny Savita: Because this Zoom chat is having some restriction. We are going to be conduct a big webinar, so we have kept some restriction over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you have set up the BS code. Now, let me tell you a couple of more things, okay? Yes, I'll let you know what all topic we are going to learn in today's session. So, I hope, guys, my Blackboard is, my Blackboard is visible. So, I'm going to write all this thing over here, what all things we are going to be discussed, and what all prerequisite is mandatory.
Sunny Savita: So, the first thing, guys, see, whenever you are going to be start with this particular course, I would highly recommend you
Sunny Savita: Right? I would highly recommend you to learn Python.
Sunny Savita: Because Python is going to be very, very important.
Sunny Savita: for building our application. So, whatever application we are going to be built, whatever practical we are going to do, right? There, the Python will be required.
Sunny Savita: So this is a very important thing for all of you. So, now after that, guys, after the Python, what is the next thing? The next thing is, going to be, right.
Sunny Savita: Next thing is going to be a basic hands-on. Basic hands-on with what? Basic hands-on with a Git.
Sunny Savita: basic hands-on with the VS Code, okay? If you don't know… if you know how to, like, use the Git command, right? How to basically set up the VS Code, how to execute the code and all everything over the VS Code, that would be great for all of you, right? So the basic understanding of the Git and the VS Code. This is mandatory. It means this is required. If you don't know about it, no worries, even we'll do in the live class also.
Sunny Savita: So, automatically, you will be used to, with all this thing, Git and VS Code and all everything. If someone don't know about that, right? The first thing is going to be Python. Now, second thing, guys, it's a basic of the ML and DL, right? Basic of ML and DL, or basic of NLP,
Sunny Savita: and CV, okay? CB means what? Computer vision. So, if you belong to data science background, if you ever learned data science, right? If you, know about the
Sunny Savita: basically machine learning, deep learning, NLP, CV, it is well and good for you. But let's suppose if you don't know about this, if you don't know about the MLDL, NLP, and computer vision, or you don't have any understanding about the data science and all.
Sunny Savita: In that case also, guys, you can directly start from the GenAI, okay? And even we have given you the session, means we have given you some prerequisite session. You can complete those sessions in the weekdays. Getting my point? So, Python, basically, it's a mandatory. Anyhow, you have to complete the Python, okay? This is very much important.
Sunny Savita: The second thing, along with the Python, the basic understanding of the Git.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And the basic understanding of any ID, generally, we are going to be use VS Code. We have several other IDs nowadays, like cursor, integrity, and all, okay? So, here, guys, I'm going to be right, this is an ID, right, which we are going to be used throughout this development. This is going to be a VS Code.
Sunny Savita: But if you are comfortable with any other ID, if you are comfortable with the cursor, anti-gravity.
Sunny Savita: a PyCharm kind of ID, then you can directly utilize that, right? It depends person to person, and developer to developer.
Sunny Savita: So, basic understanding of the Git and the ID, okay, this is, like, required. If you don't know about it, don't worry. Once we'll do the hands-on and all, automatically you will get that particular understanding. Now, from where we have to learn Python, so, means, already we have given you the session in the prerequisite, section.
Sunny Savita: So just go and check out over here, Python prerequisite. Learn the Python form here, and along with that, we have given you the machine learning and the deep learning session also, okay? So you can cover from here as well. Now, guys, apart from this one, right? So directly, we are going to be start from the Gen AI. So, I will let you know where this GenAI lies, and what is the, what topic, basically, we are going to be learned inside the today's class, okay?
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss that. So, GenAI, basically, will start. And I think Monel has already given you some introduction about the Gen AI, but that was some verbal introduction. So today, we'll deep dive into some points, and we'll start with the actual topic. Or maybe we'll start with the actual topic from the next class onwards.
Sunny Savita: Now, a couple of more things I wanted to let you know, okay? So, guys, you know, guys, today's era is an AI era, right? Everyone know today's era is an AI era. Yes or no, guys? Tell me, yes.
Sunny Savita: Everyone knows, right? Today's era is a AI era. And guys, many more things we can do with the help of AI, right? So guys, we also… we also, like,
Sunny Savita: We also have to be adept, right? We have to adapt ourselves, we have to make some habits, right? So, make some habits, like how to use an AI, how to, like, use an AI in a day-to-day task, how to take a help in our development task, or if we are going to be debug something, right? So, how to do that?
Sunny Savita: how to do that using the AI? Because I can see inside the chat, right, many people are asking the basic doubt, some very basic doubt, right? So directly we can, directly we can understand those things using the chat GPT via Google and all, right? So we have to make that habit, right? We have to make that habit. Now, a very first thing, which I'm going to tell you over here, guys.
Sunny Savita: Set up the co-pilot. Set up the co-pilot via, set up the co-pilot inside your VS Core.
Sunny Savita: You know, guys, Copilot, you know about the GitHub Copilot, have you heard about the GitHub Copilot? So we are going to be set up this.
Sunny Savita: GitHub co-pilot inside the VS Code. And this is going to be a game changer, guys, right? This is going to be a game changer, and even, even in the industry, right, even in the industry, this thing is required. So whenever you are working in an industry, whenever you are working in any sort of a company, right, you are going to use the GitHub co-pilot over there, you are going to be using the cloud code over there.
Sunny Savita: any sort of a coding assistant, right? We have several type of coding assistant, even I can write the name over here, and couple of coding assistant we are going to be learned. So the first and the foremost, very, well-known coding assistant, this is a GitHub co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: I think we are using this, GitHub co-pilot since a long time, right?
Sunny Savita: So, GitHub Copilot is one of them. Now, the very popular.
Sunny Savita: and people are using in, like, today's world and today's, like, AI era, that's going to be Claude, right? So Claude, basically, it's doing a very amazing job in terms of the development, in terms of the coding and all. So, yes, we are going to be learning Claude. Okay, the third, basically is going to be…
Sunny Savita: OpenAI codecs. Okay, so OpenAI Codex is also, very amazing, right? I would say very amazing. I haven't used it personally for so long.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, guys, till whatever extent I have used, so OpenAI Codex also, it's a good one. GitHub Copilot, CloudA, OpenAI Codex, anything you can configure inside your system.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Anything you can configure inside your system, and you can work with that. Now, along with that, guys, we have some IDs also. So, IDs, like, we have cursor, okay? We have cursor.
Sunny Savita: We have anti-gravity, okay? We have anti-gravity. So we can use this ID directly for some develop… for the development, right? At many of the places, people are using it. If you're not using, then we have the, we have our traditional ID, traditional ID, like, we have VS Code.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We have PyCharm.
Sunny Savita: Right? We have BS Code, we have PyCharm. So directly, we can configure this GitHub Copilot, this CloudA, this OpenAI Codex, anything we can configure over there, and we can work with this coding assistant. This is called what? This is called the Coding assistant.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is called what? This is called the Coding assistant. Now, guys, Cloudic Code, the full form of the Cloudic, which we are going to be used, this is the Cloudic Code, right? And we are going to be learning this thing inside the live classes.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Tell me, is this thing clear or not? So what I'll do, guys, so inside this class, I'll show you how we can configure this GitHub Copilot along with the VS Code, okay? VS Code with the GitHub
Sunny Savita: Copilot. And then, later on, we'll see how we can configure this VS Code VS Code with
Sunny Savita: Cloud code, okay?
Sunny Savita: Claude?
Sunny Savita: Quote.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to everyone, guys? Yes or no? So, this is going to be a letter on… this will understand later on, once I will come to the Claude part. So, I kept the specific chapter. The chapter name is going to be Claude only, okay?
Sunny Savita: The chapter name is going to be Claude only, so we'll, understand that, how we can configure the Claude code, but as of now, guys, we'll configure the GitHub Copilot, so that you can do your basic coding task.
Sunny Savita: Right? So that, guys, you can do your basic coding task. If someone knows about it, that is fine. If someone don't know about that, then, for those folks, it's going to be important. So is it clear, guys? So for… in next… so in next 5 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Sir, there is a voice issue. Is my voice clear, guys? Tell me yes or no. I think my voice is clear. Great. So, guys, tell me, should I go ahead with a VS Code and Copilot, so that you can speed up your learning, right? You can speed up your Python learning and all, everything.
Sunny Savita: Grid? Okay. Why Copilot? Why any other thing? Because it is free.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we can use a… see, why not to write a code from scratch? This is a very big concern. Even in the industry also, you are not going to be write a code from scratch.
Sunny Savita: If you are going to say, I'm going to write a code from scratch, you will be replaced by someone who know the AI, who know how to write a code, using the AI. Because, see, if you're going to be write a 400 line of code, then how much time you would take, tell me.
Sunny Savita: At least 2 days, 2 to 3 days. The same thing you can do using AI within 5 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Right? So don't say that in a company, I'm going to write a code from scratch, okay, from now, from, basically now onwards.
Sunny Savita: You have to use a co-pilot. See, in the class, I will show you how to write… how to, like, write a code and all everything from scratch. But I'm just configuring it, so that you will be, basically, used to. You will be used to with all this thing. Because this is going to be a future, guys, okay? And we have to adapt it. We cannot deny.
Sunny Savita: Right? Don't worry, guys, in a classes, in a classes, what I'll do, in a classes, I will not be using the co-pilots, okay?
Sunny Savita: Copilot.
Sunny Savita: what I'll do, I will, maybe try to write a code from scratch. I'll try to explain you from scratch itself, okay? But guys, we have to make a habit to write a code using the co-pilot and cloud code. You can ask to so many people, whoever is working in the industry, they're already using that, a different, different coding assistant and all. And guys, believe me, within a year, okay, within a year, guys,
Sunny Savita: This entire thing, right? Whatever task and all we are going to be due.
Sunny Savita: at least 50% of the tasks, basically, it's going to be automated by the AI itself. And even the boilerplate, code and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we have to adapt ourself on that level.
Sunny Savita: Understood?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, writing a code is no more skill. You just have to verify the code, and the developer basically is going to be a supervisor now.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, what you have to do, guys, see, first of all, we have to set up the co-pilot inside the VS Code. See, I have both. I have both in my system. If you will check. See, guys, can you see my VS Code, yes or no? Please tell me if you can see my VS Code.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: My VS Code is visible. Perfect. Now, guys, here you can see inside my system, I have both. So, once I will click over here, I will get my GitHub co-pilot. This is my GitHub co-pilot, okay? And see, this is my cloud code. So, I configure the cloud code, I configure the GitHub co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: So, as of now, as of now, I'm going to be, as of now, I'm going to be configured the co-pilot only. And this co-pilot can do my entire task. Do you want to see, guys, how this co-pilot can do this entire task? I can write some prompt in front of you only.
Sunny Savita: Again, I'm saying, guys, again, I'm saying, this is just for the intuition purpose, so that you can configure, if someone is learning Python, they can learn using this Copilot and all, okay? They can understand the concept and all using this Copilot, and in the future also, we can utilize this Copilot for our coding tasks, coding-related tasks.
Sunny Savita: And even you will be used to, while you are writing a code in a real time, for any sort of enterprises, for any sort of a project.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Okay, so here I'm giving a prompt to my co-pilot, right? So what I'm doing, guys, I'm writing, can you change
Sunny Savita: this… Addition.
Sunny Savita: Can you add?
Sunny Savita: multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Multiplication, division.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Multiplication, division, and subtraction
Sunny Savita: subtraction inside this code, okay? So, guys, just given one prompt to my co-pilot, and let's see how it's going to be generate a further code, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, it's working, and don't worry, I will show you how you can set up it.
Sunny Savita: So, see, guys, it has generated the complete code. And even it is asking, will you be allowed to test this particular… will you be allowed to test this particular file? I'm saying no, don't do it right now, skip it.
Sunny Savita: And guys, here you can see the entire code. You can keep it, you can undo it, okay? Means, it is up to you, means you are just a supervisor, and this AI is going to be write a code for you. So what is your job now? Your job, basically, to learn the Python, to understand the Python.
Sunny Savita: And…
Sunny Savita: write a code using the AI. What is your job, guys? Again, I am going to be repeated. Again, I'm going to be repeat. Your job, basically, to learn the concept, to understand the fundamental, and write the code using the AI. So, if I will keep it… so, see, guys, this is going to be a… this is going to be my complete code. I can directly utilize it.
Sunny Savita: why I need to write a code from scratch, okay? So my thoughts is going to be work over here. Behalf of my thoughts, the AI is going to be write a code.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? Tell me. So this is going to be a very useful feature for all of us. So should we configure this? Should we configure this inside our VS Code or not? Tell me, yes or no? Okay, I'll show you how you can configure that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is the one thing. Now, guys, one more thing.
Sunny Savita: Now, first of all, tell me, guys, are you enjoying the classes with me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you're enjoying, then, please,
Sunny Savita: Give some thumbs up, something inside the chat.
Sunny Savita: And guys, don't worry, we are going to be learning very cool stuff, very, very amazing stuff throughout the sessions.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we'll understand the AI from fundamental, and we are going to be using this kind of, this kind of extension, this kind of features, right? Everything, guys. So, I'll let you know each and everything inside the live classes.
Sunny Savita: At 9 o'clock, I will give you the break.
Sunny Savita: have a 15 minute of break, so that you can have your dinner and all, okay? If you want for 20 minutes, I can give you for 20 minutes also.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, 15 minutes… minute is sufficient, so I'll give you for the 15 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Every hour, 5 minute of break? Yes. Every hour, 5 minute of break.
Sunny Savita: And after 1 hour, 15 minutes of break, so that you can have your dinner, right? You can relax, you can take some walk and all.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, correct, Nitin. We'll come to that part, okay? We'll come to this topic.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we can start with the first module. I'll start with the first module. We'll take a little more minute over here, okay? 2 to 5 more minutes, just to set up this co-pilot. So, guys, for setting up the co-pilot, what you have to do, you have to install the extension, right? So, just click over here, just go and check with the left-hand side. Now, here you will get this extension option. Just click over here, click on the…
Sunny Savita: extension and search GitHub Copilot.
Sunny Savita: GitHub Copilot.
Sunny Savita: Now, once you will search over here, GitHub Copilot, you will get that extension.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this extension, guys? This GitHub Copilot extension? See, I already installed that.
Sunny Savita: So, just click over here, click on the extension part, click on this extension icon, and search GitHub Copilot. Now, once you will do that, here you will get an option to install this GitHub Copilot, install it, if you haven't installed so far, okay?
Sunny Savita: Are you installing this GitHub Copilot?
Sunny Savita: If you're not able to see my screen, I think something is wrong from your end. Please check.
Sunny Savita: It is GitHub Copilot. Right, GitHub Copilot?
Sunny Savita: your GitHub Copilot chat. If you'll write GitHub Copilot, then also you will get it. Got it? Abi Manu?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so just click on this extension, write GitHub Copilot, and then install this particular feature. Okay, install this particular extension. Now, once you will do that, guys, now here you will get a option, right? Here you will get an option. See, what kind of option you will get? Here you will get this icon. Anyone is getting this toggle, this icon, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: this particular icon.
Sunny Savita: After installing this GitHub co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So once you will click on it, right, it will ask you to log in over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: automatically will get an option, automatically will get an option to log in over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, install the GitHub Copilot extension, then click over here. Once you will click… see, I already logged in. I already logged in, guys. So that's why I'm getting this kind of a screen.
Sunny Savita: But if you're logging in first time, means if you're logging in first time, then what you will get, you will get an option to log in over the GitHub. So once you will log in over the GitHub, automatically this chat screen will be configured over here.
Sunny Savita: Understood, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is doing first time, you can raise the hand. You can share the screen, and I'll show you, basically how you can do that. Okay? Anyone is doing from scratch.
Sunny Savita: you can raise the hand. You can mention in the chat, sir, I wanted to share the screen. You can show me.
Sunny Savita: So that, the other folks will also get to know about it.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you need to log in to the GitHub, okay? Otherwise, it is very simple, it is very easy. Anil, would you like to share the screen? Tell me. I can show you so that other people can follow. Anil, you can raise the hand, I will allow you, as a panelist, you can share the screen, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Anil, can you hear me, Anil?
Anil: Yes, yeah, I can hear you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Anil, so you can share the screen, I'm allowing you as a panelist, so that everyone will get to know how to set up it inside the system, okay? I'm promoting you as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Guys, please focus over here. If someone don't know, please focus over here. And again, I will take only 5 more minutes, because guys, see, this is the starting of the session, and we have to set up all this thing for the upcoming classes. So if someone, basically, already knows about this thing, right? So please be patient, guys. Means, like, in the initial of the classes, we have to, set up all this entire thing.
Sunny Savita: So that our entire session, the upcoming session, will be going smoothly, okay?
Sunny Savita: I no need to set up this entire thing again and again. Okay? Great.
Sunny Savita: So, Anil, I'm, stopping my screen, I'm stop sharing, now you can share, okay? I'm, giving you the access. I've given you the access, now you can share.
Sunny Savita: Guys, please focus over here. If someone is new, if someone don't know how to do that, please focus over here, okay?
Anil: So, what you're seeing now? Are you seeing my…
Sunny Savita: Yes, I'm seeing your VS Code, so you have already installed…
Anil: Yeah, I just, I just installed, I just installed.
Anil: But then, where should I, log into GitHub? Because I.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just click over.
Anil: anything.
Sunny Savita: Just, just click over here, click on this chat icon, just write any sort of a message over here.
Sunny Savita: You can write anything, hi, hello, whatever.
Anil: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: If it is giving a reply, it means you have already logged in to your GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Great, so you are getting our answer, means it is already configured, you have already signed into the GitHub, okay?
Anil: So, but, I… I don't remember I signed into the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So it's fine. I think you have already, I think you are already using Git along with this VS Code, right?
Anil: Oh, okay, so that's…
Sunny Savita: Because of that, basically, by default.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So, by default, basically, it took your account, right? Great.
Anil: Okay, okay, yeah, I'll stop sharing.
Sunny Savita: Install this Python extension, although I can see you haven't installed this Python extension.
Anil: Can I do that one now?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can install that anymore. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so did you understand how to log in? How to log in to this, basically GitHub Copilot, yes or no? If you wanted to show me again, means if you have any sort of a doubt related to this one, you can ask me in a doubt session. I'll clarify in a doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, many people are saying, can I share, can I share? Guys, you can share with me in the doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just give me a quick thumbs up, guys, if this thing is clear, so that we can proceed with the session. GitHub Copilot is configured.
Sunny Savita: Give me a quick thumbs up, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Great.
Sunny Savita: Perfect.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, can we write any sort of a code now? Can we write any sort of a code? Yes, we can do that. We can write that. Whatever we wanted to write, we can do that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: And, I see here is a different, different… we have a different, different mode, ask, or plan, or agent. So, basically, it is very easy to configure, and even I will show you. See, if you're just going to be click on this ask, in that case, it's not going to be changed anything inside the code. Okay, let me write over here. So, can you…
Sunny Savita: Please create a class and object.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: for this code. So if I'm going to be right, see, can you create a… can you create… can you please create a class and object for this code? It's going to be create, it's going to be create class and object.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, see, it has created a class and object, means it has converted this entire code into the class and object. We don't need to do anything, we just have to copy this code and paste it over here. That's it, guys, see?
Sunny Savita: If you're going to be keep it over the ask mode, in that case, it's not going to be change anything inside your file. If you're going to be keep it over the agent mode, in that case, it's going to be make a changes inside your file.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Configuration step is very, very easy. You just need to download the extension, okay, GitHub Copilot extension, and then start the chatting. Now, whether this GitHub Copilot is free or not? Yes, guys. So, that's why I've configured this GitHub Copilot inside your system.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here… I can, write, if you're going to be used, GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Cool.
Sunny Savita: Pilot.
Sunny Savita: So, it gives you two things. The first is going to be a free access.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The second is going to be a paid access.
Sunny Savita: So, in free access, basically, you can only access some basic model.
Sunny Savita: But guys, if you're going to be using the paid access, in that case, You can use the…
Sunny Savita: premium model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what is the cost for this GitHub co-pilot? So, the paid access, the paid course is going to be…
Sunny Savita: And… dollar.
Sunny Savita: Por.
Sunny Savita: Month.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, you can access the free model, sorry, free access, and you can access some basic model. Basic model means you can access GPT-4.14.0, right? You can access GPT-5,
Sunny Savita: But you won't be able to access Opus model. Opus model, basically, you will only get in the premium one. Opus, Opus 6, right? Opus 5, GPT…
Sunny Savita: Gpt-3… sorry, not GPT-3, GPT-5.3, right? GPT 5.3. So this kind of model, basically, you can access in the paid version. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll talk about JAD once we'll proceed inside this particular course, we'll discuss that, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, perfect. Now, I hope, guys, this thing is clear. Now, let me tell you one more thing. See, as I told you, we are living into the AI era, okay? And, for, solving any sort of a thing, whether we are going to be write a code whenever we have any sort, any sort of a basic doubt, or something like that, right?
Sunny Savita: So we can directly check out with the…
Sunny Savita: ChatGPT, Cloud, Jiminy, and all, right? And, definitely, it's going to be help us. Because, guys, what I have seen, see, whenever you are working in the industry.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Whenever you are working in the industry, or whenever you are working in any sort of a project, okay? And even in the live classes also, right? Even in the live classes also, people are having some basic doubt, right?
Sunny Savita: Basic doubt. Basic doubt means what? So, basic doubt means, what kind of doubt could be a basic one. So, let's suppose I'm getting any sort of a doubt with respect to the installation.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: installation. Let's suppose I'm going to be, I'm getting any sort of a doubt with respect to any package installation, right? Or, let's suppose I'm getting any sort of a doubt inside my code. I wanted to debug that.
Sunny Savita: Right? Or I'm getting any conceptual doubt and all. So guys, here I would suggest you, please make a habit to use the Chair GPT, Claw Jimmy, right? It's going to be help you a lot.
Sunny Savita: for solving any sort of a doubt, right? So, I can give you the example. Let's say someone is learning Python.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And not able to understand this entire code. You can directly ask to the co-pilot over here. Let's say co-pilot is not giving you the answer, right? So what you can do, you can use the chat GPT, you can use the Cloud, you can use the, basically this,
Sunny Savita: MS, Microsoft 365 Copilot, right? In the company laptop, also, we have access of the Microsoft Copilot and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so please make a habit, please make a habit to utilize this AI coding assistant, okay, AI coding, AI tools, right, for solving your basic doubt, for solving your basic concepts and all. If you have any critical doubt, then yes, I am here for you. If you have any class-related doubt, if you have any, like, basically any kind of doubt, with respect to the class and all, then definitely I am here. But guys, before coming to me.
Sunny Savita: you can, directly reach out, to this AI coding assistant, you can directly check out with the chat GPT, you can directly check out with the Jimny, or whatever coding AI assistant you are… whatever, like, AI assistant you are using.
Sunny Savita: Right? Because it will, what it will do, guys, see? With that, actually, you can increase your self, learning capability. This is very much important.
Sunny Savita: If you're going to do such thing, right, if you're going to be asked a basic, normal, casual doubt, right, into your project, into the enterprise, or into the company, right? So it can… it might backfire to you, right? So please increase your self-learning capability.
Sunny Savita: So that, throughout the life, you can sustain that habit, and you can solve your basic, basic, simple, simple doubts.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Is this thing clear? So, let me, conclude what all part we have discussed so far, and then we'll deep dive into the session, okay? So, first thing, guys, what I have discussed, I discussed… so, I'm just writing a checklist over here, just say yes or no, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, someone is saying, too much time waste. Kumar Si, I have to set the agenda.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I have to set the agenda, because this is the first class which I'm taking in a full-fledged manner.
Sunny Savita: Again, otherwise, I can directly jump to the topic also.
Sunny Savita: Right? And then you only will tell me, sir, what about this, what about that, how to think? First, let's know to each other, right? Let's understand the process. I know you are very smart.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let me write all the points, guys, so that you can tell me, sir, yes, this thing is clear, so that after the break, we can freshly start with the topic, okay? So, guys, here I'm going to be writing the first thing. I hope, guys, dashboard-related query is clear.
Sunny Savita: From where we have to find out the resources, classes, previous batch, prerequisite and all. I hope everything is clear. Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, guys, the second thing, how to get all the resources, notice board, and all. So, Google Sheet link.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be GitHub.
Sunny Savita: And the third is going to be… Notion.
Sunny Savita: I hope, guys, this thing is clear. Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Good. Now the third thing is going to be prerequisite.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In the prerequisite.
Sunny Savita: Python, right? I hope Python… see, you have to, like, this is the bare minimum prerequisite. You have to learn the Python at least. Okay, and guys, how you can learn that? You can take a help of the co-pilot, or even we have given the prerequisite session and all, right? So using the co-pilot, you can do the coding and all, everything.
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from this one, guys, ML… a deal.
Sunny Savita: NLP, right? And basics of the data science and all, this is optional. Means, if you have time, you can learn from those prerequisites and all, and even you can access the previous patch, right? This is the next one. Now, the fourth one is going to be a VS Code
Sunny Savita: Plus?
Sunny Savita: Copilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So I hope, guys, you have configured this VS Code and Copilot inside your system. Yes or no? Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: Yes, object-oriented programming is required, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this was the very important thing to set the agenda, right? To understand which flow we are going for the upcoming session and all. And yes, everything, is clear to all of you now. Now, peacefully, we can start with today's session, okay? Now, today, guys, what we'll do, so in today's session, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: In today's class, we are going to discuss about the Jenny.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I'll give you the, like, one more level of introduction, which is required, I think, to many of us. The second, basically, we are going to be start our module first.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Module first. So inside the module first, basically, we'll start from the embedding, okay? So our topic, basically, is going to be what? Our topic is going to be…
Sunny Savita: and coding.
Sunny Savita: embedding.
Sunny Savita: Then, basically, we'll understand about the tokenization.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And then, we'll see the practical, Using the Python.
Sunny Savita: We'll understand each and everything about it, whatever application could be of it.
Sunny Savita: And even, we'll say the practical also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, is this thing clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no. No?
Sunny Savita: How about the cloud setup? Cloud setup we'll do in the upcoming session. Yes, we'll discuss the architecture and all in the upcoming session, okay? So the first module is going to be encoding, embedding, tokenization, along with the entire practical. Clear, guys? Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, perfect. So, how the session is going? Are you learn… are you enjoying, learning along with me, guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, anything, guys, definitely you can ask me right after the session. I'll be clarifying that. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, not the basic one.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Chad GPT Hannah, sir.
Sunny Savita: will call HIGPT.
Sunny Savita: Class kapak chalega. Class, well, 10, 30, or 11. It depends on the concept. I will not, like, I will not exceed more than 11, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yes, we are learning. Sir, could you please share the notion in the other link again? Yes, I'll share that. So, this is a notice board. I'll keep all the notice over here. This is one of the links. Again, I can share.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is the GitHub, guys. I'm going to share the GitHub again. Here is the GitHub link.
Sunny Savita: And then Notion 1. So I kept some basic UV commands, so this we are going to be… this we are going to be used throughout our course. This basic UV command is very useful.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Sir, Chris has told USF folks they will send separate batch timing any update now? I don't think, Ruchi, so the timing of the batch is going to be this only, okay, 8 to 11 PM IST.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I think few people are very smart, they want to own a baby.
Sunny Savita: Yes, it is sufficient, Seba. You can access the basic code.
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss more onto that, co-pilot and all everything. As of now, we are just set up on the initial level, because I think Monel has… Monel has missed this part. He has shown you entire system setup and all VS Code setup, but he had… haven't discussed about the, like, co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: how to master Python. Practice, practice, practice. Only practice, guys.
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, let's do one thing. Guys, let's take a break. So at 9 o'clock, after 1 hour of session, we'll take 15 minutes of break, okay? In every session, in every session, around 9 to 9.15, we'll take 15 minutes of break, and then only we'll resume our session, okay? So that we can, learn everything smoothly, and even, if someone, didn't have their dinner and all, they can have your dinner.
Sunny Savita: means you can have your dinner and all, right? So, I'm putting a timer for the 15 minutes. We'll again meet after 15 minutes, and we'll start with our first topic, means first module, right? So, guys, let me put a timer. I'll see you after 15 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Claude will set up in some other session. I kept one specific module for the Cloud only.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, good.
Sunny Savita: Thank you guys, I'll see you after 15 minutes. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so everyone is back.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I think everyone is back. Let's start with the class. Just give me a quick confirmation in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Sunny, what Python version we are going to use. So, I would recommend you Python 3.12, which is a more stable one.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Sir, if I ask question, it does not go through.
Sunny Savita: No, actually, if we are writing in a chat, it might got missed, okay? So, just leave it in the community chat, or ask in a live-out session. Later on, I will reply that. Got it? Naviditha?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So, recording will be available? Yes, recording would be available.
Sunny Savita: Python 3.12 is a stable one, so I would recommend you to install Python 3.12. You know now, right, how to install the Python, how to install Python 3.12.
Sunny Savita: Monala shiny or not.
Sunny Savita: Once you will write here, UB Python list, no?
Sunny Savita: it will give you the Python list.
Sunny Savita: See here.
Sunny Savita: So you can, install this Python 3.12, and you can work with that.
Sunny Savita: Python 3.11 is there, 12 is there, see, 12 is there. 11 and 12, both, okay? With anyone you can walk. Got it?
Sunny Savita: 13… you can work with a 13 also, but, you might get, some, error, some dependency issue.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so that's why I don't suggest 3.13 and 14. And generally, in my project also, I use 3.12 and 3.11.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: VS Code setup, then check out the previous class. There we have shown how to set up the VS Code. You can create a multiple virtual environment, no need to downgrade that. Got it, Priva? As will progress, you will get to know about that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I hope everything is clear, so whatever point I have written over here, you understood that. Now, let's do one thing. Let's take a quick recap of the generative AI. Let me give you in my way, basically. And, after that, what we'll do, we'll, start with the first topic, okay?
Sunny Savita: So today, I will keep it light, means I'm not going to discuss any heavy thing. Today, again, I will focus on the live discussion, interaction and all, after, 10, 10.30, okay?
Sunny Savita: From tomorrow… from tomorrow's class, guys, we are going to be starting a full-fledged manner. Full-fledged manner means I won't listen to anything, means, means I'm not going to be… give you any sort of an introduction about the…
Sunny Savita: prerequisite, this, that, dashboard, nothing. I will directly start from the session itself. I'll tell you the agenda, and then we'll start from the session, okay? So, in that way, guys, we are going to be start from tomorrow onwards.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me give you the idea about the Gen AI and all, and the topic, basically, in my way. So, we are going to be start from the Gen AI, as you know, right? So, guys, you know GenAI, basically, it comes under the, AI, artificial intelligence, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if we talk about the… if we… if we talk about the artificial intelligence, so this artificial intelligence, we can achieve in a many way.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this artificial intelligence, actually, we can achieve in a many way.
Sunny Savita: The first one is going to be… machine learning.
Sunny Savita: Using the machine learning, we can achieve the artificial intelligence. The second is going to be what? The second is going to be deep learning, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: deep learning.
Sunny Savita: So, using the deep learning, actually, we can achieve the artificial intelligence. The third is going to be what? The third is going to be reinforcement learning.
Sunny Savita: Here, I'm talking about the classical reinforcement learning, queue learning and all. If, anyone knows about the, like, this reinforcement learning, I think they must be aware about this,
Sunny Savita: queue learning and all, okay? So this is one of the ways, using that, what we can do, we can achieve the artificial intelligence, okay? So, here I can write. The third is going to be reinforcement learning.
Sunny Savita: Now, we talk about the machine learning, right? So, this machine learning, actually, it is based on the statistic, as we know.
Sunny Savita: So here, we are going to be using the statistic-based algorithm, where inside the machine learning. Now, if we talk about the deep learning, so this deep learning, actually, it is based on the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So it is based on what? It is based on the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we talk about the reinforcement learning, the classical reinforcement learning, that was a different thing, okay? So I'm not going into that discussion as of now.
Sunny Savita: So, if we talk about the deep learning, I see, this is a very important vertical of the artificial intelligence. What is the important vertical? The deep learning is a very important vertical of the artificial intelligence, okay? So, this deep learning, basically, we can divide into 3 to 4 main parts.
Sunny Savita: The first one is called the artificial neural network.
Sunny Savita: This is a fundamental unit of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Right? Artificial neural network is a fundamental unit of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: The second is called the CNN, okay? Convolution Neural Network.
Sunny Savita: Using the convolution neural network, guys, we achieve the vision, okay? Vision. WISERN means what? Computer vision, right? We'll talk about that, means I'll give you some sort of an introduction around to that. The third kind of network is going to be…
Sunny Savita: RNN, okay, Recurrent Neural Network.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: The fourth kind of network is going to be… let me write over here, Okay?
Sunny Savita: The fourth kind of network is going to be what? And don't worry, guys, I will create a chart and all, everything, okay? I will share the mermaid chart and all everything in the upcoming session, regarding any sort of a project or anything, okay? And, many, thing, guys, I'm going to be right over the blackboard, because it gives a clear-cut understanding. I already prepared some chart and all, so definitely I'll share it in the upcoming classes, okay?
Sunny Savita: The fourth one is going to be GEN.
Sunny Savita: Generative adversial network, okay?
Sunny Savita: And the fifth one, we have one more branch, guys. The fifth one, basically, it is called… deep…
Sunny Savita: Reinforcement learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Deep reinforcement learning. So this deep learning, actually, we can divide into what… we can divide into the…
Sunny Savita: five main vertical, okay? I hope you understood it. So this… this reinforcement learning, this reinforcement learning was the classical reinforcement learning, which we generally achieve using the… which we generally achieve using the Q-learning, okay?
Sunny Savita: Q-learning.
Sunny Savita: we are having the specific algorithm that was called the Q learning. Now, here, this deep reinforcement learning, guys, so we have a neural network along with the reinforcement learning, and here we have some advanced algorithm. So, let me write one very popular algorithm of the DRL that is called the PPO algorithm.
Sunny Savita: which we generally use inside the RLHF, if we talk about the RLHF, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, we talk about the CNN. See, RNN is what? So, RNN is a… sorry, ANN is a fundamental unit. Artificial neural network is a fundamental unit of the ANN. Artificial neural network is a fundamental unit of the deep learning, okay? So, here, guys, what we learn, we learn about the MLP, multi-layer Perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Multi-layer.
Sunny Savita: Perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the CNN guys, so here, we learn about the computer vision.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Computer vision. Now, here, if we talk about the RN guys, so here we generally learn about the sequence language. That's called the NLP.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So the NLP starts over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, gain, basically, again, again, it is the advanced form of the CNN and the ANN for generating images.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about this, computer vision, so we talk about the object detection, object segmentation.
Sunny Savita: OCR kind of thing. So this, all the thing comes under the computer vision, right? Where we are giving a vision capability to the neural network. So, whenever we have to explore the vision capability of the neural network, so we always talk about this computer vision, okay? And whenever we have to talk about the natural language, whenever we process the natural language.
Sunny Savita: natural language.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So we talk about what? We talk about the NLP.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Now, here, guys, in the RNN itself, right, for processing this natural language only, right? For processing this natural language only, we have an advanced algorithm. The advanced algorithm, such as LSTM, right? So, it comes under this hierarchy only. So, we learn about the LSTM.
Sunny Savita: we'll learn about the GRUs, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then we have one more advanced algorithm.
Sunny Savita: One more advanced architecture. That is called the encoder-decoder.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Encoder and decoder.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Now, till here, guys, till here, LSTMGRU, encoder, decoder, so this entire thing, actually, it comes under the
Sunny Savita: Advanced NLP.
Sunny Savita: Advance.
Sunny Savita: NLP.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes, we are recording this session, right? Advanced NLP. Now, after that, guys, one more breakthrough was there inside this advanced NLP only. So, the architecture, basically, which we talk about over here, that is called the transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay, transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: This transformer architecture, guys, it was a breakthrough, actually.
Sunny Savita: It was a breakthrough in the NLP, okay? Now, from here itself, guys, We always start about the
Sunny Savita: GenAI from this transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, after the transformer, guys, LLM comes, because all the LLMs have been created on top of the transformer, so whatever LLM, whatever SLMs, okay? Whatever, basically multi-model LLMs you are going to be learned.
Sunny Savita: multimodal LLM you are going to be learned, right? So it always comes over here. It always comes at this particular stage, after the transformer itself. SLM means what? SLM means? Small Language Model.
Sunny Savita: Llm means what? Multimodel Large Language Model. LLM means what? Large Language Model, okay? Now, guys, after this one, what we learn, we learn about the
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning, okay? See?
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here. We learn about the fine-tuning, how to fine-tune these LLMs.
Sunny Savita: How to create the rack system on top of it?
Sunny Savita: RAC system, or multi-model rack system.
Sunny Savita: Okay? How to create the agents, right? Agents, that is called the agentic AI.
Sunny Savita: Agentic AI.
Sunny Savita: And then comes LLM Ops, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then comes LRM ops. So guys, this… the blue one which you can see over here, right? The blue one which you can see, right? So this is what… this is the generative AI. This is only the modern route.
Sunny Savita: On which the codes have been created, this one. So this is what… this is our… modern route.
Sunny Savita: But guys, if you will see how the roots is connected, how the route is going to be connected, so the root is going to be connect to the NLP directly, okay? Advanced NLP.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, this is the overall picture of the artificial intelligence, right? So, whenever we talk about the artificial intelligence, so we always divide into the three main segment, machine learning.
Sunny Savita: deep learning, and reinforcement learning, okay? Now, here, guys, you can see, again, this deep learning is a very important part. So, this deep learning, basically, we have an ANN, artificial neural network inside that, CNN, with that, actually, we are going to be achieving the vision.
Sunny Savita: RNN, with that, actually, we are going to be process the natural language, gains for generating the… for generating what? For generating the images, okay? DRL means the advanced part of the reinforcement learning, that is called deep reinforcement learning, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, if we stretch this line, this natural language line, the NLP line, right, the NLP branch, basically, so here only, you will get some advanced architecture, like LSTM GRU. So this comes under the advanced NLP, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then after, guys, one more, breakthrough was there inside the advanced NLP, that was the transformer, right? So from the transformer itself, our Gen AI start, okay? And after the transformer only, we learn about the LLM, SLM, MLM, we learn about the fine-tuning of that, we learn about the RAG and the multimodal rag system.
Sunny Savita: Agent AKI, okay, and the LLM Ops. So, this is only called the modern route, okay? And likewise only, we have, designed your entire, we have designed what? We have designed your entire, syllabus, got it?
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever we talk about Python, guys, so here, I would write one thing. Python… is dominating this AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The entire development of that AI, basically, it's going to be inside the Python only.
Sunny Savita: Right? I will come to the MCP and all. This is the high-level overview, that's it. Once we'll deep dive again…
Sunny Savita: We'll come to that part, okay? Now, whenever we talk about the Python guy, so this Python actually is going to be, dominating this AI. Whatever module and all we have, right? Whatever module, whatever development, whatever packages, basically, you will see, right?
Sunny Savita: Whatever packages you are going to be seeing, right? So, those you will get in a Python itself. Now, whenever we talk about the machine learning, right? And here, guys, one more thing, see?
Sunny Savita: Many people are confused with respect to the data science also. So, whenever we learn about this machine learning, whenever we learn about the machine learning pipeline, machine learning pipeline means what? Machine learning pipeline means we learn about the EDA,
Sunny Savita: Okay? We learn about the feature engineering.
Sunny Savita: feature injury. We learn about the statistic over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then we learn about the ML algorithm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this all the thing, basically.
Sunny Savita: Comes under the data science.
Sunny Savita: So, we can say data science, machine learning, actually, it's a part of the data science only, where we extend little bit, right? Where we extend little bit something on the data side.
Sunny Savita: we understand something about the data side, okay? So where the data science is going to be lie, the data science basically is going to be lying to this branch.
Sunny Savita: Over here.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? So, there we discuss about the EDA, exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, statistics, and the ML algorithm. This is called the data science, right? And before the data science, guys, we have one more thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, before the data science, basically, we have one more thing that is very crucial and the important part of the industry that is called the DE.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this AI, basically, is directly connected to this DE, that is called the data engineering, right? Will you teach BERT? We'll discuss that, Umkar, okay, let me come over there, or that part. So, data engineering, data science means, this, machine learning part.
Sunny Savita: then deep learning, right? Everything indirectly connects to the data engineering. So, again, I would say, guys, data engineering is a very important part of every project, okay? Every industry project which is going to be connected to the artificial intelligence, right?
Sunny Savita: Now guys, see, whenever we talk about the Python, so Python is dominating to this entire AI, er, to this entire AI, okay? Now, if we talk about the Pandas, NumPy, right, the specific module, many people are asking to be, Sunny, do we need to learn Pandas, NumPy, right?
Sunny Savita: SQLearn, so here I can write that part. So, pandas, it comes under the machine learning.
Sunny Savita: NumPy, okay, then sklearn. So, all this module, basically, it's going to be dominant over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Over the machine learning side. If we're talking about the deep learning, right? So, the deep learning, guys, PyTorch.
Sunny Savita: PyTorch, and TensorFlow. TensorFlow, this two modules is going to be Dominate, okay? PyTet, PyTorch, and the TensorFlow, right?
Sunny Savita: If we're coming to the CNN side, right, this convolution neural network. So, again, for the CNN, we have a very specific module that is called the Keras.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you know the Keras module, then you know, like, a little bit of this CNN and all, okay? And we have some other module also, like YOLOB, SSD, right? And some other different kind of module, which we can directly use inside the CNN and the computer widget.
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever we're talking about the RNN, guys, so over the RNN side also, we have this PyTorch Keras, okay? We are having this PyTorch Keras Transformer, okay? Sorry, PyTorch, Keras, okay? And we have some,
Sunny Savita: embedding, sorry, this, text pre-processing related library, NLTK, specie, and all, okay, over this RNN site, right? Gains, again, some specific module for that, and DRL, again, some specific module.
Sunny Savita: Now, whatever thing we have to learn, see, we don't need to focus on the Pandas, we don't need to focus on the NumPy.
Sunny Savita: We don't need to focus on the SQLearn, Keras, okay? And even we don't need to focus specifically over the PyTorch and Tier, right? So let me write the specific module name on which we have to focus as a modern route, right? So this is the biggest confusion among all the students, whoever is starting this modern route, whoever is starting this generative AI, okay?
Sunny Savita: So our aim, basically, to start from the transformer itself, right?
Sunny Savita: transformer itself. So over here, guys, I'm going to write all the necessary package name.
Sunny Savita: The first and the foremost package, okay, which you should be aware of, that is going to be PyTorch, okay? A little bit, a basic understanding of the PyTorch is required, right?
Sunny Savita: Guys, please note down this thing. It's going to be very important, right? The first and the foremost thing is going to be PyTorch. The second is going to be Hugging Face. Anyone know about the Hugging Face HF? Hugging Face is going to be very, very important. So, PyTorch is one of the things.
Sunny Savita: Then, hugging Face is going to be one of the things. Now, the third one, basically, we are going to be talking about the Unsloth.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Onslaught. I'll focus over the onslaught, I'll discuss what is this onslaught and all, okay? And we are going to be using it in the development.
Sunny Savita: The fourth one is going to be what? It's going to be langchain. Langchain is very important, guys, and we are going to be discussing this lanchain actively, and we are using very actively over here.
Sunny Savita: The fourth is going to be Llama Index.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We'll discuss about the Llama Index also, how we can work with the Lama Index. I'll show you some application using the Lama Index, okay? Then the sixth one is going to be Langraph, a very important framework for creating our agents.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Very important framework for creating an agent. So, PyTorch, Hugging Face, pipe.
Sunny Savita: PyTorch, Hugging Face, Unsloth, Langchain, Langraph, okay? And then, guys, after that, guys, we have some other framework, okay? So for the data parsing, we would be having some different, different framework. For the vector databases, we have a… we have some different, different framework, okay? For the data, parsing, for the vector databases, and for the cloud, again, guys, I will show you
Sunny Savita: how to make a connectivity over the cloud using the Python and all.
Sunny Savita: So, data parsing, vector database, cloud, and apart from that, guys, a couple of more frameworks we are going to be discussed. So, I will show you OpenAI SDK.
Sunny Savita: This OpenAI SDK is very good, right? So we are going to discuss this OpenAI SDK. So, data parsing-related framework, vector database related framework, cloud-related framework, OpenAI SDK. Then, guys, we are going to discuss about the guardrails, okay? Guard rails-related thing, how we can… we are going to be, basically implement that.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, we are going to be discussed about the MCP also, okay? MCP. So, this is going to be very important part, right? This fast MCP, guardrail data library, open-air SDK, data parsing, vector database, cloud, Langraph, Lambda Index, Langchen, Unsloth, Hugging Face, PyTorch, okay?
Sunny Savita: So these are the dominating framework for what? For the generative AI. Not this, basically, the core PyTalk, TensorFlow, Pandas, NumPy, Skelon, right? If someone is going to be asking you, do I need to learn all this? If I don't know, then you should say no. We should… we are going to be start the generative AI, then we have to focus onto this side, okay? We actively have to focus onto this side.
Sunny Savita: It is just some topic name. We are having a longer list, okay? We are having, like, a very detailed list. If I can show you that, just a second, guys, I'm going to be showing you that particular list. I have that, entire and that detailed list with me of all the framework, right? So, just give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: I am going to show you
Sunny Savita: To all of you, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, just give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so here is the list of the…
Sunny Savita: framework. Guys, can you see this one, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, personally, I have, prepared all this, this entire list and all, okay? And even, I created one YouTube video on top of it. You can check out that, right? This one. So, this is all the name which we have to learn actively to master the generative AI. Okay, this is a very extensive list, guys.
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face, PyTorch, Unsloth, Llama Factory, Phyes, Chroma, Quad, and Superbase.
Sunny Savita: PG vector, this is all the vector database type, right? Then, here you can see after that, guys, we have Langshay, Lamandas, Haystack, Langesmith.
Sunny Savita: Then, basically what we have, we have, basically other framework, okay, related to the guardrails. We have, different other frameworks related to the data validation, related to the MCP. Then, related to the parsing, data parsing, DocLink, Google Document AI, Amazon Tesseract, PiMu PDF, Plumber, Parse.io, Unstructure, right? Then we have, other framework with respect to the Agent AKI, Google ADK, AutoGen, Deep Agent, Langraph.
Sunny Savita: right? Then, basically, you can see the other framework with respect to what, with respect to the, this one, cloud, basically. So, these many frameworks, these framework basically are, these framework, framework basically is going to be dominant to this entire AI development, okay? So whatever LLM-related development, whatever Gen AI-related development we are going to do, we are going to do around to this particular framework.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? We are going to cover all this framework, yes. We'll cover not all this, guys, we are going to be cover the mandatory and the important framework from each and every category, from the data parsing, from the vector databases, from the MCP site, from the guardrail site, right? So we are going to be cover at least the important, important framework, but this is the extensive list, right? Here I can show you, I think this is the one. See, I categorized this one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I categorized this one over here. Okay, I created a very detailed video on top of it. See, LLM Foundation, then fine-tuning, then vector database, with respect to the RAG.
Sunny Savita: the database and storage, then LLM application, right? Then guardrails, then, here you can see, for the local LLMs, then experiment tracking for the data modeling, for the MCP, for the document AI, and for the data parsing, right? Then here you can see the Agentech AI framework, what all Agentech AI-related framework we have, then cloud-related framework.
Sunny Savita: Then evaluation, observability, then prompt engineering related framework, then deployment infrastructure, then testing, pipeline orchestration. So these, like this, I have categorized this entire framework and all, okay? And throughout the AI development, we are going to use it. So if someone is going to ask you guys, if someone is going to ask you.
Sunny Savita: Do I need to learn some… any classical thing? If you know that, Then it is fine.
Sunny Savita: If you don't know that, you need to focus on the list, basically, which I have showed you. Yes, I will share that link with all of you. I'll share that in a resource section, or let me check if I can share with you right now. I can just copy it.
Sunny Savita: and I can put it over the Notion itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I'm putting it over Notion, you can take it from there, it's only.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so I put it over the Notion, you can check out over here. I hope you have the link of the Notion, guys. Again, I'm sharing, okay? So that's why I have introduced this entire thing, first of all.
Sunny Savita: Right? This entire thing, first of all, see, Notion, GitHub. Now, did you understand, guys, why all this thing is required?
Sunny Savita: to collect the resources, right? To collect the things, okay? Great.
Sunny Savita: And if someone finding, this session, is, like, is going to be a basic one, or I'm just introducing the thing, so guys, this is the first session, okay? Give me some time, guys, from next session onwards. You want,
Sunny Savita: like, you won't complain about this. So this is just an introduction, or you're just, like, explaining the thing, this notion, or this and all.
Sunny Savita: In the first session, I have to do it, okay? So that, you can, cope up everything from the next class onwards, right?
Sunny Savita: So, did you like all the things, this architecture and all, whatever I created, the flow, basically? Did you understand the correct meaning of the modern route? I just wanted to know in the chat. Tell me. And are you enjoying the learning along with me?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, we are going in a very well-structured manner, and believe me, guys, if we are going to be learning this way now, next… in the next 5 to 6 months, right? We are going to be… become, what I can say, right? So, you are going to be… become, top 1% of the Gen AI engineer.
Sunny Savita: Right? Who can do anything inside the Gen AI. This is, like, my guarantee to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Great. Did you get this Notion link? Did you get all this thing or not? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Sure, Pijay. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So how much of the deep learning is needed? See, here, at least, if you can learn about the artificial neural network, right? This is important, artificial neural network.
Sunny Savita: MLP, multi-layer perceptron. This is the backbone, actually, a backbone of the neural network, so at least learn about it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I will give you the Blackboard PDF, so you can directly take it from the, resource itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we are going to be discussing the important tool from this list. This is going to be a comprehensive list.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Okay. So, guys, I told you about the modern route, right? And what are topics we have over here, so let me discuss a couple of more things, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, whenever we're talking about the, as I told you, whenever we're talking about the NLP, natural language processing, here I can write, so whenever we're talking about the natural
Sunny Savita: language processing.
Sunny Savita: In that we discuss what? In that we discuss about what? In that, we discuss about a transformer, okay? So, the very first thing inside the NLP, that is a RNN. This is called the recurrent Neural Network.
Sunny Savita: So inside the RNN, we learn how to process the language, okay? How to process the natural language. Then we have an advanced variant of the RNN, which is called the LSTM.
Sunny Savita: This is very popular architecture, okay? This is a very popular architecture. And the GRU. Again, GRU is one of the architecture. So, in 2018 and in 2019,
Sunny Savita: If someone was working over the JNA, sorry, if someone was working with the AI artificial intelligence, deep learning, so, they might be using this LSTM architecture over there. Yes or no, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So this was… this is a very popular architecture, and using that architecture, basically, we are going to be… we are going to create so many systems. Sentiment analysis, right, text classification, or the next word generation, different, different kind of system, basically, we were creating using this LSTM and the GRU architecture, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, one more thing is very much important inside the NLP. Let me write over here. The thing is going to be what? The thing is going to be encoding.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And coding.
Sunny Savita: And embedding, right?
Sunny Savita: and coding.
Sunny Savita: and embedding. This thing was very important, and this entire Gen AIE, sorry, this entire NLP, basically, is going to be lie… is going to be lie down, lie down, or it's going to be, like, a base on top of this particular topic, encoding and embedding.
Sunny Savita: So we have to understand this particular topic in the first place. What is the encoding and embedding? Now, along with this topic, there are some more associated terms, like vector, okay? So this is, again, a very important term. The vector is there. Then.
Sunny Savita: Basically, along with a vector, what you will find out. So, you will find out the tokenization, right?
Sunny Savita: tokenization. So, these all are what? These all are the very important term, right? So, which we have to cover. So, vectors, we have to understand what is a vector, tokenization, how to tokenize the data, right? And coding and embedding. Again, basically, it is directly related to that.
Sunny Savita: NLP, right? To convert any text, whatever text we have, right? To convert any sort of a text, any sort of a text, into what? To convert any sort of a text into the numbers. Okay, numbers.
Sunny Savita: numbers.
Sunny Savita: To convert any sort of a tags into the numbers.
Sunny Savita: We use this technique. Okay, which technique, guys? We use this encoding and embedding technique, right? And this vector and this tokenization, again, it is an associated term, right? Associated term. So whenever we talk about the NLP, so we talk about the RNN,
Sunny Savita: We talk about the LSTM, GRU, and we talk about the encoding and embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, guys, over here, over here, this LSTM part, we are not going to be covered. This is not necessary for us.
Sunny Savita: We are not going to be cover this LSTM and GRU part. So, which part I picked over here? We are going to be picked this encoding and embedding part.
Sunny Savita: Because this… this thing we are directly going to be used inside our rack system. At multiple places, we are going to be used that. If you want to be understand the working of the transformer, if you want to understand the working of the… even you want to do working, understand the working of the LLMs, right? LLMs.
Sunny Savita: In that case also, okay, in that case also, this encoding and embedding is going to be very, very useful.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? So, we are going to pick this particular part, encoding and embedding. Is it clear, guys? I will discuss what is the differences between the encoding and embedding, right? Now, after that, guys, as I told you, we have a couple of more topics. So, the next topic, basically, is going to be what? The next topic is going to be encoder and decoder architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we have one classical encoder and decoder architecture.
Sunny Savita: Right? Classical encoder and decoder architecture. So, again, we are not going to be discuss this also, classical encoder and decoder architecture. Instead of that, we directly focus on the transformer, okay? Instead of that, we directly focus on the
Sunny Savita: We directly focus on what? Transformer. That is what? That is attention all you need, which is the advanced architecture, okay? Attention, all you need. Attention.
Sunny Savita: All you need.
Sunny Savita: Right? So we are going to pick up this particular architecture instead of the
Sunny Savita: classical one. So, we have a classical encoder decoder architecture. If you will look into the NLP, guys, okay, if you will go through the NLP, you will get that, right?
Sunny Savita: classical.
Sunny Savita: This is the classical architecture.
Sunny Savita: Right? So we are going to be focused on the transformer. So this two topics, we are going to be, understand, right? Now, why this topic is required? Why I cap this particular topic, even though we can create any sort of application using the co-pilot, we can code it directly, okay? And most of the thing is going to be a practical, right? So why I cap this theoretical topic over here? Let me tell you that.
Sunny Savita: So guys, this, encoding embedding, I can write over here, this, theoretical topic.
Sunny Savita: Right? This theoretical topic, it's very much required for your base.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: base.
Sunny Savita: It is very much required for the interview perspective.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Interview.
Sunny Savita: perspective.
Sunny Savita: Right? It is very much required to understand the working of the LLMs, Large Language Model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? So, in which flow we are going? So, we are going to be understand the and coding.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be understand about what? We are going to be understand the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We're going to be understanding about the Transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, transformer, and we are going to take our understanding of some LLM. Now, here, I'm going to be mentioning the normal LLM,
Sunny Savita: then SLMs, and then multimodal LLM.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, why all this thing is required? This thing is required For your base.
Sunny Savita: Right? This thing is required for your interview perspective.
Sunny Savita: Right? This thing is required for your further fundamental. And after that, guys, after that, we'll move to the
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning part. We'll move to the RAG We'll move. Agent Tech AI.
Sunny Savita: Agentic AI.
Sunny Savita: We'll move to the LLM Ops.
Sunny Savita: All good?
Sunny Savita: And whatever POCs and MVPs we can create, Throughout the process, will do everything.
Sunny Savita: So this is clear to all of you. Did you understand, guys? Whatever topic, guardrails, MCP and all, everything, guys, okay? So, this is going to be, this is going to be a modern route. Understood?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Tell me, yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes? So, do you train the model? Yes. We'll understand inside the fine-tuning itself, okay? Then again, in the fine-tuning, we have several concepts. FT means fine-tuning, how to do the fine-tuning of the model. Now, whatever things comes over here, data parsing, vector databases, okay, guardrails, MCP,
Sunny Savita: AMCP, cloud, right? Everything, guys, we are going to discuss, right? Because, obviously, we have to discuss that. POC means what? POC means proof of concept.
Sunny Savita: Whenever we create our system, right, that is going to be a proof of concept, okay? Means the initial application, the initial phase of the application, and what is the full form of the MVPs? Tell me, the full form of the MVPs is going to be minimal Bible Product.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, at least we'll create till the MCP, MVP, right? Now, over here, guys, see, I, get a very frequent question from many of the… many of you, right? So, does the co-pilot is going to be replaced to the real developer, okay?
Sunny Savita: And, can Copilot create a full-fledged application? So, whenever we create an application, any sort of an application in the industry, guys.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, application… see, we have, several stages of the application.
Sunny Savita: One is called the development, second is called the testing, okay? And third is called the deployment, which is also called the production.
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever we start our development, guys, so we always start with the POCs, okay? We create our POCs. Then we convert the POCs into the MVP.
Sunny Savita: And then only we go for the full-fledged development.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Full-fledged development.
Sunny Savita: Making sense, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Full-fledged development, okay? Now, over here, guys, see, if we're talking about the AI Coding assistant.
Sunny Savita: We're talking about the AI.
Sunny Savita: coding assistant.
Sunny Savita: AI Coding Assistant means what? AI Coding Assistant means we have Claude.
Sunny Savita: Right? We have Claude, we have Copilot, this GitHub co-pilot, right? We have what we have,
Sunny Savita: basically this OpenAI codex, a different, different, basically, co-pilots, right? So, see, it is very good for creating an initial solution. Means, it is very good for creating these POCs.
Sunny Savita: I would say it is 10 out of 10, right? You can create a POC, so whatever POC are going to be created within 10 days, 15 days, within a day itself, you can do it.
Sunny Savita: Even… it is very good for creating MVPs, right? You can create a MVPs, right? You can create a minimal buy-wall product, and you can showcase your business, right? Instantly, you can do it. Within a week, basically, you can create an entire MVP, and you can, basically showcase to your business. But whenever we talk about the scalable application.
Sunny Savita: Right? Whenever we talk about the scalable application.
Sunny Savita: At that time, guys, this coding assistant is going to be fail. A scalable application means, we are going to create a full-fledged development, right? So there, this AI coding assistant can help us.
Sunny Savita: There, then this AI coding assistant can help us, right? If you know the fundamental, then it's going to be help us, right? If you don't know fundamental, then…
Sunny Savita: guys, it's going to be a, tragedy, right, in that case. So, this AI Coding assistant can help us, even in the full-fledged application, means we are going to be create an end-to-end applic… means we are going to be create a, like, so many modules, so many files, a complete system, a big, system, basically, right? In that case, definitely…
Sunny Savita: testing also at some places, right? But guys, on a deployment side, again, it is a weak one.
Sunny Savita: Correctly, it is a weak one, means we cannot give the complete access of our cloud, of our infrastructure directly. So it is good for solving a problem, it is good for creating our POCs, it is good for creating our MVPs, right? But if we are going to create a full-fledged application, the use code, the biggest code, in that case, we have to use it in a supervision, right? Someone should know the fundamental, the complete architecture of the system.
Sunny Savita: then only they can use the AI Coding assistant. On the testing side, again, some manual work will be required, and to some extent, this AI Coding assistant is going to help us.
Sunny Savita: But on the deployment side, still we cannot give the complete infrastructure access to our agent, okay, to our AI coding assistant, because it's going to be… it might be a disaster. Right now, our coding assistant, our agent, is
Sunny Savita: not enough capable, right? It's not very capable currently, right? So if someone is going to be asked you, till which extent this AI coding assistant can help us, so you can simply say, till POCs, till MEBs, basically, right?
Sunny Savita: This AI coding assistant can help us, and whenever we are going to create a full-fledged end-to-end application, yes, we can take a help of it. We know the fundamental. If our entire fundamental and the architectural, like, architectural level of knowledge is clear, then definitely we can use it. But guys, again, the manual work, the supervision of the expert will be required, okay? In 3 to… next 3 to 5 years, this thing is not going to be changed.
Sunny Savita: I don't know, after 5 years, what will happen. We'll be getting, like, so much capable agent, which can do even the cloud work as well. But as of now, still the human touch will be required for the scalable application.
Sunny Savita: Getting, getting my point, guys, yes or no, tell me, is this thing clear? So, yes, till POC and development, so POC and MVP, till that point, actually, we can do, we can do our task easily, but for the scalable application, again, we required a very heavy knowledge, we required the experienced engineer.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes, we are going to understand the deployment also. Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, how's the introduction so far? Did you understand everything? Whatever basically I have written over here? Are you engineering along with me? Because I'm going to discuss each and everything, each and every part.
Sunny Savita: And this is going to be very amazing, okay, for the upcoming classes. So, the next topic is going to be what? This embedding and the encoding. So, let me write whatever point I'm going to be discussing over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: DP means deep learning.
Sunny Savita: DP, where are I written DP.
Sunny Savita: DP, DP, DP, where is the DP? I cannot find out the DP.
Sunny Savita: FT means… FT means fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: LLM Ops, what it is, to deploy the application.
Sunny Savita: Deep image data parsing, correct.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, safety and gutters will be covered.
Sunny Savita: Whatever… what is a MBP? MBP is Minimal Viable Product.
Sunny Savita: Model Context Protocol. MCP means Model Context Protocol. If you don't know all this thing, no, so don't worry, you will know in some days and some months, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, can you also cover Bedrock? Once we'll come to the… this one, no? Aws, we'll cover that.
Sunny Savita: Hi, Sunisa, where would we keep data analytics here in this framework?
Sunny Savita: Data analytics comes before the data engineering.
Sunny Savita: BADA role comes over there.
Sunny Savita: Let me highlight over here, see?
Sunny Savita: So, first, you would be having a DA.
Sunny Savita: DM means what? Data analytics, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, DE. DE means what?
Sunny Savita: data engineers.
Sunny Savita: Then DS, Data Scientist.
Sunny Savita: Now, here only, you will get a role, something like this, machine learning.
Sunny Savita: machine learning engineer, MLE, right? MLE, or you will get this MLOps role sometime.
Sunny Savita: Emeropsol, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, this…
Sunny Savita: Deep Learning Engineer comes. D means deep learning engineers, okay? So if someone… see, this is the entire pipeline.
Sunny Savita: So, DA means what? Data analytics? Or here, one more profile you will get on a non-functional side, which is called the BA, Business Analytics.
Sunny Savita: So, data analytics and BA, so this is a…
Sunny Savita: This is, like, contact retry profile, okay, there's B and DA.
Sunny Savita: Then DE, very important profile.
Sunny Savita: Okay, DS, yes, again, in some places you will find out that. MLE, MLOps, at some places, there's still companies are hiring, ML engineers. D means, deep learning engineers, okay? This is called the deep learning engineers.
Sunny Savita: Now, with this modern route, right? Modern route.
Sunny Savita: you will get the… some different profile. The profile is going to be what? The profile is going to be, like this, see? Gen AI engineers.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, now the profile, after the D, basically, is… Gen AI Engineers comes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me write over here. So, many of the profile, right? In many companies, you'll find a profile like this, Gen Age. This is a very common profile.
Sunny Savita: to justify the gen AI work. At some places, you will get some specific profile, that is, agentic AI engineer.
Sunny Savita: Agentic AI Engineering.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, we are learning. We are learning, we all are learning for this two profiles. The first is going to be this.
Sunny Savita: Gen AI Engineer, and second is going to be this AI engineer. Now, apart from that, you will find out some other profile also, see?
Sunny Savita: AI architect.
Sunny Savita: Have you seen this profile, guys? AI Architect? You'll find out this AI product manager.
Sunny Savita: EIP… product.
Sunny Savita: manager.
Sunny Savita: Alright?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, And see, one more profile is there, AI Engineer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Okay, see, this profile, AI Architect, AI Product Engineer, AI Engineer, it is a subset of this Gen AI Engineer only.
Sunny Savita: If you know the Gen AI, you can become AI engineer, you are going to be automatically AI engineer, right? Whatever AI stack is required in the current world, you will get all those knowledge if you know the Gen AI. The second is going to be the AI architect. Again, it is a subset of the Gen AI engineer only. AI product manager.
Sunny Savita: On some side, on… till, like, some part of that technical.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And some side of the functional, right? So this person, this person could be a techno-functional. Have you heard about this term, techno-functional?
Sunny Savita: techno-functional. So this person could be a techno-functional.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys. Yes or no? So, you should aim to this.
Sunny Savita: Gen AI engineer to this, Agent AI engineer, and our modern route, basically, Our modern route is designed
Sunny Savita: This entire slab is basically designed for the Gen AI engineer, for the agent AI engineer, so automatically you will become AI architect, AI engineer. Until some extent, you will become AI product manager also.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: It is a mid-senior position, this AI product manager, right?
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys, yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: How we are going to be differentiated? AI architect, AI engineer, same, actually. Okay? At some places, you are saying AI engineer or AI architect. Again, I'm saying, no, this, what are the contradictory words. The work is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: again, me bolum employer, or me bolum Majidur, right? So, both are same now.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Salute.
Sunny Savita: So, just understand now what I wanted to say, okay?
Sunny Savita: If I'm saying software engineer, if I'm saying web developer, so sometimes we are saying…
Sunny Savita: A software for the web, right?
Sunny Savita: So, again, contradictory. What are the contradictory to each one?
Sunny Savita: each other, okay?
Sunny Savita: No, we are engineers. We, we are…
Sunny Savita: That, those thumbs just came from the memes and all.
Sunny Savita: Nice.
Sunny Savita: those, those terms actually just came from the memes and all. I don't think, like… Employees of Padale Kamazdush.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this could be.
Sunny Savita: Sir, your voice is breaking. My voice is breaking, guys.
Sunny Savita: No, right, it's fine. Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so now let me tell you guys what I think we are going to be learning the embedding, okay, inside this first module. So, I'm coming to the first module, and we are going to be break it down. So, first, we'll understand about the encoding, okay? So let's talk about the encoding. We have a different, different method of the encoding. We'll discuss onto that.
Sunny Savita: Because at the many places, these methods are being used. Then, guys, we'll understand about the embeddings.
Sunny Savita: Okay, what are the embeddings?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, we are going to be understand about what? We are going to be understand about the semantic search.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: semantic search.
Sunny Savita: We'll understand what is a semantic search and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then after that, guys, we'll understand the differences, right? Differences between what? Between the keyword search, Keyword search.
Sunny Savita: And the semantic search.
Sunny Savita: semantic search.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, we'll see the differences, see? We'll see the differences between the encoding and embedding also.
Sunny Savita: And we'll understand about the vector, right? What is a vector?
Sunny Savita: Okay? We'll understand about the vector also. Now here, guys, after that, we'll understand about what? Application.
Sunny Savita: Application of the… Encoding and embedding, okay?
Sunny Savita: Application of what? Application of the encoding and the embedding.
Sunny Savita: So, all this topic, actually, we are going to be covered inside this embedding chapter. Now, see, we'll see some practical also, okay? We'll come to some practical. Now, this is going to be your base, encoding, embedding, encoding versus embedding, then vectors, then semantic search, keyword search versus vector search.
Sunny Savita: an application. What could be the application of this embedding and the encoding, okay? Now, after that, guys, see, we'll come to the very important topic. We'll see.
Sunny Savita: What all models we have.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We'll see what all models we have.
Sunny Savita: models.
Sunny Savita: off.
Sunny Savita: embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and this each and everything, guys, this each and everything, we'll see in terms of practical.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So I will come to the theoretical concept, and after that, guys, basically, I'll come to the practical. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me, is this thing is going to be clear. So with that, you will get the complete understanding of the embedding, okay? And you can utilize it at any places, at any place.
Sunny Savita: in GenAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: January.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, all these points are clear, so we are going to be start from tomorrow onwards. Today, I'm not going to be discussing any such, thing right now. The, basically, mathematics and the application, sorry, mathematics and the practical and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: From tomorrow onwards, we are going to be discussed. So today, I just set the fundamental, I just set the agenda. Today, I just discussed on a high level.
Sunny Savita: So that we can, be familiar, like, with my teaching style. You can be familiar with my teaching style and, how basically I'm, accelerating, sorry, how basically I'm, going through with the things, right? And how, basically, I'm teaching, how I'm sharing the material and all, right? And in which manner we are going, what is the actual meaning of the modern, Gen AI, what all periodic visits are there, right?
Sunny Savita: So, on that side only, I have discussed today. So, from tomorrow onwards, guys, the first thing we are going to be start from here only, okay? This first module, Encoding, embedding, semantic search, keyword search, application, and the practical and all, everything. Got it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, did you like the session? Did you like the learning with me? And now, right after this one, guys, I will go with the doubt session. And I'm sharing the link, sorry, I'm sharing this PDF with all of you, and I'm importing this PDF. So, here, the class…
Sunny Savita: 02. This is class 02, right?
Sunny Savita: And I can write over here, March 28th.
Sunny Savita: And, here I can write one more thing.
Sunny Savita: General discussion, right? General?
Sunny Savita: discussion.
Sunny Savita: So, what I can do, guys, I can… Simply keep it.
Sunny Savita: Inside the class 2.
Sunny Savita: Class 2, right? This one, huh. And I'm, giving you through the GitHub only. So I'm sharing these notes through the GitHub, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, for today, no more thing.
Sunny Savita: Today, see, because many folks are the new one, so they just joined today, and I think you all are having different, different doubts, right? You want to clear some basic doubt and all. So today, I will focus on that right after this class, or means, right after this discussion and all. So here is the notes, guys. See? This is the notes.
Sunny Savita: I'm giving you these notes.
Sunny Savita: please take this, please keep this GitHub with you, and I'm keeping everything over here. And even these notes will be available under the resource section. So from there also, you can download it. Got it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, is it clear to all of you, yes.
Sunny Savita: And here I share the Notion link also. Should I give you this Notion notes also in the GitHub, at the same place? If you will say yes, I can do it. I can import it. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So I'm going to be imported as a PDF.
Sunny Savita: Okay, export it as a PDF, just a second. Export it as a, PDF.
Sunny Savita: format is going to be PDF.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Guys, wait, I'm giving you these notes also, so everything I'm keeping at the single place, okay?
Sunny Savita: Life Plus?
Sunny Savita: Motion, notes.
Sunny Savita: So, this is going to be over here.
Sunny Savita: Git add. Git.
Sunny Savita: commit hyphen n… Code updated.
Sunny Savita: And git. Push.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I updated a code… sorry, I updated the second notes also inside the GitHub. You can check it over here.
Sunny Savita: Once you got it, please let me know. I'm sharing this link with all of you.
Sunny Savita: No. GitHub link will be the permanent one.
Sunny Savita: Once you got it, just give me a quick thumbs up, so that I can understand you got everything.
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll focus on that, Sudeipta, once we'll come to the project part, okay? I'll come to that part.
Sunny Savita: So, can you share the Notion link one more time? You can take the Notion notes from here itself, from the GitHub only directly.
Sunny Savita: Actual lecture is already started, Prabhal.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: So, did you like, like, guys, right? I think we have discussed everything. Now, we picked the pace, and I discuss, I think, every sort of a part over here.
Sunny Savita: And from tomorrow, we are going to be deep dive completely, okay, into our topics and all.
Sunny Savita: Sure, Kali Raj, I will focus on that.
Sunny Savita: So, can you share the scribble link? Yella I shared over here. Just check out with the GitHub. Okay, just check out with the GitHub here.
Sunny Savita: Here is the, handwritten notes.
Sunny Savita: Scribbling.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can anyone share this same GitHub in the community chat also? Please do it.
Sunny Savita: Just download it. If it is showing you this unable to render code now, just download it, okay? And then check. It will be there.
Sunny Savita: Yes, so guys, we are done for today. We are not going to be discussing anything now. I will meet you tomorrow at 8pm. Now, if anyone is having doubt, be here, I will be clarifying your doubts, okay? We'll go for the live doubt session and all.
Sunny Savita: Got it? If you don't have any doubt, you can drop the session. If you don't have any doubt, guys, again, I'm repeating, you can drop the session. Now, we'll go for the live doubt session. You can raise the hand, and I will take your live doubts.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sir, we will get any study material, books, reading? I think this is only the study material, right? In the book and all, it is not required. See, no one is going to be read a book and all, right? In the chat GPT era, right, in the YouTube and all, in that era, no one is going to be read a book. So focus on the material which I am sharing, and I think I centralize everything.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So please focus on this material.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'll take… I'll take 5 minutes of break, okay? Just a quick water break, and after that, we'll start with a doubt session. Is it fine for all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll cover the AI architecture.
Sunny Savita: Yes, tokenization is also going to be covered, Himanshu. That is also going to be an important one.
Sunny Savita: I haven't mentioned over here. Intentionally, I haven't mentioned. I'll come to that why, okay?
Sunny Savita: Because that will come into the next module.
Sunny Savita: Yes, FastAPI is there. Fast API is needed.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So guys, I'm taking 5 minutes of break, just quick water break, and after that, we'll start with the, doubt session. Okay, not session, doubt session. So thank you guys, thank you for the joining. Good night. Today, no more discussion, because we are just into the starting of the classes. Here, I set up the agenda and all.
Sunny Savita: From tomorrow onwards, we are going to be deep dive, into our topics, okay? So, if you don't have any doubt, you can drop off, and let me put the timer. I'm just putting for the 5 minute. So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: I'm writing over here, 5, and then, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you guys, thank you, bye. Take care, good night.
Sunny Savita: See you in the next class, yeah. If you have doubt, don't leave. Just raise your hand. I will take your doubts. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so can we start with a doubt session? Everyone is there, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can raise a hand, so that I can unmute you and, can discuss the doubt and all.
Sunny Savita: Good. So, Guru, what's your doubt? Are you there? Please go ahead with your doubt.
Sunny Savita: And even he or she is there in the backend, so if you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask in a chat.
Sunny Savita: So, Yash Partil will reply your doubt, okay?
Sunny Savita: Guru, I have given you the access. If you want to discuss anything, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Atish, Ram, guys, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: And anyone from the different time zone, you can let me know in the chat, I will give you the priority, okay?
Sunny Savita: Karthik, Kamlesh, anyone is there, please go ahead.
kamlesh jain: Yes, sir. Sunny Kamlash here.
Sunny Savita: You're accomplished.
kamlesh jain: Just a, like, very simple question, like, regarding a career type, like, as of now.
kamlesh jain: file is, like, a DB developer.
kamlesh jain: I'm not in touch completely as of now, with AI training. Like, I used to, like, recently, on Copilot and this ChatGPT and everything.
kamlesh jain: So… so… so, which pro… like, as of now, data engineering and database side, I am working on, currently.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so…
kamlesh jain: How I, like, I don't know, 9 plus years of experience I am having, currently.
kamlesh jain: In this profile only, and I… actually, I'm BSCPCM earlier.
kamlesh jain: So I did some courses, BSC, like, database courses I did, and… Came into this field.
kamlesh jain: Okay, I am, like, basic Python I know now.
kamlesh jain: But yeah, so, like, how can I go in this failure now? Like, in better way?
kamlesh jain: I just want to start early, like.
kamlesh jain: So, I want to take a.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, same thing, again, you are from the different background, you are starting from Gen AI, right? You can follow the live classes.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You can follow this course, you can follow the live classes, as we are going ahead, right? So, you're not much familiar with the co-pilot, you haven't used much in your task and all, right? But now.
kamlesh jain: Betty.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now we are going to be used that.
Sunny Savita: So, today you understood how the thing is going, today you understood how the co-pilot and all you can use, right? And, even, like, we are going to be using it very frequently in the upcoming sessions. Got it? So, don't worry, just follow this course, give 2 to 3 months to yourself, along with this course, okay? You will get everything. Understood?
kamlesh jain: So, yeah, like, I, like, got a prerequisite Python and some basic ML, so any other thing you, like, suggesting me, like, as my…
Sunny Savita: Any other thing, as I told you, you can learn ML, DL, and this one, NLP part, okay? Even ML part, you can escape, you can directly start from the DL, deep learning, and the NLP, right? For the NLP, what you can do, even you can check with the previous course, we have given you one more course access, right? So there, I think.
Sunny Savita: We have a stretch on some topic of the NLP, you can check over there. Otherwise, we have given you a prerequisite playlist.
kamlesh jain: Because it…
Sunny Savita: over the dashboard, you can complete from there. Got it?
kamlesh jain: That is more than enough, I think, correct?
Sunny Savita: Correct, that is more than enough. Again, that is just for the fundamental, for synthetical concept. For the practical, we have already included all the topic of the generative AI, okay?
kamlesh jain: Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so Kamles is done now. Anyone else? Atish, are you there?
Atish: Yes, Sunny. Sunny, I just wanted to ask one thing, like you said, we'll be mostly focusing on transformers, and after that, so… but you said that it would be better if you can get into the basics of NLP and deep learning, right?
Sunny Savita: lose.
Atish: So, when you say when we get into the basics of NLP or deep learning, should we more focus on the theoretical part, or we should also understand the coding aspects of it?
Sunny Savita: Not coding expect, just theoretical part, okay? ANN, as I told you now, ANN, right? This, basics of the NLP, right?
Sunny Savita: These are some fundamental stuff, right? The base, actually, okay? So if you can get some fundamental or some basic understanding, some theoretical understanding, that would be more than enough. Rest focus from here only, for the Gen AI, for the transformer part, okay?
Karthik: Are you able to hear me? Sorry?
Karthik: That's true.
Sunny Savita: Just a second. Atis, you are done, right?
Atish: Yes, Sunny, for now, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Yeah, Karthik, please go ahead.
Karthik: Yeah, sorry, sorry to disturb you. So, the thing is, I'm, I had, learned about the UV, and, we are able to run the command, command prompt.
Karthik: But the same code which I tried to execute from the VS code, I'm not able to… it's clearly saying that it is not picking up the UV environment, because I had a numpy import.
Karthik: And, I… and I could… I cannot… I can see that in my, what is that, TOML file, by project TOML file as a dependency.
Sunny Savita: Nobody.
Karthik: Can you run from the command prompt that DY file, right?
Karthik: runs without any issue, but when I run the same file using the play button, a run code in the Python, it's a VS Code, right? It fails to pick up the NumPy import. So, it means that my VS Code is not picking up the.
Sunny Savita: Just do one thing, sir, show me, show me. Share the skin, I'll check, okay?
Sunny Savita: I'm adding in a panelist.
Karthik: I'll join as panelists.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Karthik: Oh, okay, I'm shaking.
Sunny Savita: And guys, when I give access, right, to someone, then that person can only talk.
Sunny Savita: So, please wait for your, turn. Just raise the hand, okay?
Karthik: You're able to see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Oh… Yes, Karthik, I can see. Show me that screen, the VS Code one, which you have.
Karthik: So, yeah, this is the VS Code. I have, added a plugin called a Code Runner plugin here to run the code.
Karthik: I record all this thing.
Karthik: So, if you go to my extensions, right?
Karthik: And I added this code runner extension, and I'm running the file.
Karthik: And when I, when I do a Python, right, when I try to run this, right.
Karthik: So, it is saying that NumPy is not added as a module.
Karthik: So, we got it, right? Here.
Karthik: NumPy is not… but whereas my NumPy is already there.
Sunny Savita: NumPy is… you are saying num… it is not accepting the numpy, right? Just run the file from the terminal, run this min.py file from the terminal.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Karthik: Right over.
Sunny Savita: over here… no, no, no, python run, python, and then min.py.
Sunny Savita: Remove, remove those UV run.
Sunny Savita: Remove it, run py- write Python.
Sunny Savita: main.py.
Sunny Savita: main.py, sir, main.py, not money.py.
Karthik: Oh, yay.
Sunny Savita: Right, main, M-A-I-N.
Sunny Savita: M-A-I-N.
Karthik: Oh, it ran, it ran here, it ran here.
Karthik: See, it rang here, but here, right, it fails to take up the.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's working now, it's working, actually, see.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: It's… it's working. See, if you're, say, writing through the terminal with this particular environment, it is working. If you're running through that button, maybe it is picking the wrong environment. That's why it is not working. Okay?
Karthik: school.
Sunny Savita: So just click on the view, and set the correct environment over there.
Karthik: So…
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Karthik: mute.
Karthik: Pardon?
Sunny Savita: on top of… on… on header, actually, you can see view. Just click on the view.
Karthik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Karthik: I'm dead.
Sunny Savita: And here, click on the command palette.
Sunny Savita: Your screen is lagging, guys, it is for everyone, or it is for me only?
Karthik: I'm in the command pallet.
Karthik: You're able… you're able to see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Mmm… just a second, just a second, I think some lag is there. Yeah, now, write Python interpreter over here.
Karthik: I, interpreter.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: Select Python Interpreter, see that option, click on that, select Python Interpreter.
Karthik: Clear passport space interpreter… where is that? Python Interpreter?
Sunny Savita: Python interface.
Karthik: Yeah. Oh. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now here, select the correct environment.
Karthik: Oh, this one, is it? Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now run your application.
Sunny Savita: Run it again.
Karthik: No module… same. Is it the Kata? This is the code runner, right? This is the… this is the, this one, which I downloaded.
Sunny Savita: Run this main.py.
Karthik: Yeah, I'm doing that.
Karthik: Is it saying the same thing.
Sunny Savita: Just close this chat window, close this, chat window, this one.
Sunny Savita: This co-pilot shirt, huh? Close it, co-pilot shirt.
Sunny Savita: Oh, wait, python. Click on the Python, there's… to your blow, right?
Sunny Savita: Right inside, right below.
Karthik: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Right below Python. Can you see the Python?
Sunny Savita: Reno, not here, right, right, below right.
Karthik: Extreme, right? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: If you're seeing Python, just click on that.
Karthik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Karthik: So, yeah, I should write Python?
Sunny Savita: the environment. Okay, do one thing, just close this one. Close this, terminal, this one.
Karthik: I'll close this VS code, and rearrange.
Sunny Savita: No, no, not with this one, this terminal, this below one, terminal.
Sunny Savita: This one, huh? Close it? This is this below terminal. This one, huh. Close it.
Karthik: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Close it, close it.
Karthik: I don't understand.
Sunny Savita: Close, just close it, huh? See, environment is correct. Now, just go with the terminal.
Sunny Savita: above, right?
Sunny Savita: That header over terminal. Help, yeah, now new terminal.
Karthik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Sunny Savita: Now here, write UB install NumPy, right here.
Sunny Savita: UB install NumPy.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: UB pipipinstall numpy.
Sunny Savita: write pip also, pip also. UB pip install numpy, okay?
Sunny Savita: You are working with the PowerShell, that's fine. UB pipip install NumPy.
Karthik: Yeah.
Karthik: Sherry one, okay.
Sunny Savita: just do one thing, click on this drop-down. Below the… sorry, beside the plus icon, yeah, here. Click on the… now click on the CMD.
Sunny Savita: CMD command prompt.
Karthik: Command problem.
Sunny Savita: Command prompt, see.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: Now here, write, ubpip install numpy.
Sunny Savita: This is fine. Now click on this drop-down, this run, where you were running the file.
Sunny Savita: The above one, right?
Sunny Savita: Drop down, click on the drop-down.
Sunny Savita: Drop down, drop, huh?
Karthik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Run code, run Python file, run Python, huh, run Python file?
Karthik: No, we can't.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is running in the terminal, yeah. I think…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's, directly the output, maybe it is picking the wrong environment, okay? So you can run in this way, it'll be working, no worries about that, okay? Maybe some internal setting is there, because of that, it is showing like this, whenever you are seeing directly output. So better run the Python file directly with the dropdown, okay?
Karthik: Okay, sure. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Good.
Karthik: Yeah, one more small question. What is the theme you're using, Sunny? I mean, just wanted to…
Sunny Savita: Which one, sorry?
Karthik: The theme which you are using, right? VS Code theme. I was… I was very, you know.
Sunny Savita: VS Code theme, I don't know, like, which extension it is. Okay, I'll let you know tomorrow, okay, what extension I'm using now, VS Code, so that you can use the same one, got it?
Karthik: Sure, sure, sure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Karthik is done. Now… Just a second…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yash, Rajiv, Srinawas, Habi Manu, Ramya, anyone is there, guys, please go ahead.
ramyasowmian: Hi.
Yash Shukla: that you have Shiiff?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yash. Please tell me about it.
Yash Shukla: Sir, in previous session, Munolsar was taking the class, so I asked him regarding the setup and all. So, currently, I have laptop with 8GB RAM and, integrated graphics of 496MB with AMD Ryzen 5500U.
Yash Shukla: So, sir told me that, it will not be able to, you know, run everything in the laptop, so he asked me to do everything on Google Colabs.
Yash Shukla: So, I was, asking ChatGPT about how to use, but there was an issue which it, described that every time we will log in, or use the collab, GPU, we have to…
Yash Shukla: write every header files, or we have to, again, input every header files at the starting, so there will be issue regarding it. So, is there any other…
Yash Shukla: you know, replacement, or I have to go for a new laptop.
Yash Shukla: But it becomes very.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Collab works in that way only, if you wanted to… see, it is what it is just a notebook, actually, right? Which is being provided by the Google itself, right? Over the Collab server. So, whenever you wanted to exit that notebook, you have to log in over there, create a notebook, and start using that.
Sunny Savita: Right? So…
Yash Shukla: Mr.
Sunny Savita: whenever you're going to be open that, you will have to connect, select the GPU, CPU, whatever, okay? So, your system is not very, basically outdated. It is a good one. You can do the basic practical and all everything inside your system, okay? But if you have to do anything on the training side, on the heavy computing.
Sunny Savita: Then, for that, you can use the collab. Even I will guide you in the live class itself. So, for now.
Yash Shukla: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, for now, leave that thing, collab and all. Whenever we'll come to that part, I will discuss on that side. Got it?
Yash Shukla: So, that means still the, project part, you know, if we are going to start with GenAI in every, live project.
Sunny Savita: Pardon.
Yash Shukla: That part, I'm… my system is enough compatible, so I can.
Sunny Savita: It is enough. You can, like, run the project and all everything, okay? So just configure the VS Code.
Sunny Savita: Configure the VS Code, run the, run your test file and all everything, and further, you can run your project and all, okay?
Yash Shukla: Cheers.
Yash Shukla: Yeah. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank goodness.
ramyasowmian: I… Posted.
Rajib Saha: So, are you here?
ramyasowmian: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a second, who is the next? Yeah, Ramya, please go ahead.
ramyasowmian: Hi, this is Sao Mian, I'm on the giant armpool from Mira.
ramyasowmian: And her name, sorry for that, but I have one question, like,
ramyasowmian: I have checked the Asian language video. It has lots of algorithms.
Sunny Savita: What?
ramyasowmian: For me, as a developer, how much knowledge is required?
ramyasowmian: And…
ramyasowmian: Is ML engineering required to learn it completely?
Sunny Savita: No, see, as I told you, no, ML engineering is not required, okay? You can start with the Gen AI itself. It is not compulsory, actually.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Some concept of the ML, like, super… what is supervised learning, what is unsupervised learning, what is a training, testing, inferencing, prediction. So those terms…
Sunny Savita: Maybe, like, it might come in a LLM, while we are learning LLM, transformer and all.
Sunny Savita: What is it directly inherited from there itself?
Sunny Savita: the… whatever LLM and all, whatever we are seeing currently, right? It is an advanced variant of that machine learning, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: Right now, it is not being used in a practical while you are creating an application, but yeah, for understanding the fundamental, it might be required. As I mentioned, some sort of a term. Got it? So, if you have time, you can learn that. If you don't have time, just skip that, focus on the Gen AI. Got it?
ramyasowmian: I got it. And one other thing is.
ramyasowmian: For DevOps,
ramyasowmian: You said, like, while showing the presentation, I see a column that is more relevant to Genov CICD.
ramyasowmian: I mean, for DevOps CICD, GenAI is completely capable, and Copilot is completely worth it for using the, DevOps tools.
ramyasowmian: like, using Terraform, or using unsivil coding, we can integrate,
ramyasowmian: GitHub Copilot, and we can use it, that is what you've shown. Am I right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, GitHub Copilot, basically, it's an AI coding assistant, okay? CI, CD, GitHub Action, Terraform, those are the different things.
Sunny Savita: It is a CICD, it comes in a CICD, in the development pipeline, while we'll learn about the DevOps, right? How to deploy the application. So, that part we'll learn when we are doing the project.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
ramyasowmian: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, Co-Pirate is a different thing, it's just for the coding. It's an AI coding assistant, and that part is a different one, CICD stuff and all.
ramyasowmian: For, Claude, do we need, Claude for our, for the…
ramyasowmian: JTEP Copilot, do we need a paid license version, or we can use the…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, the money will be required over there, actually, whenever you wanted to use a cloud model, right? You will have to put some money inside the Cloud account, or you will have to take the paid subscription of it, then only you can use, okay?
ramyasowmian: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: You can use the free model also, but again, free model will not give you that good output, like the Cloud model will give, like Opus and the other model. So, yeah. But those models will take your money.
ramyasowmian: The links which you have shared in the chat, we couldn't be able to copy it.
Sunny Savita: Just click on that, I think you can open it inside the browser, so, yeah.
ramyasowmian: Okay, okay, sir.
ramyasowmian: Yup.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so… anyone else? Rajiv, Sankar, anyone is there, guys? Please go ahead.
Rajib Saha: Yeah.
Rajib Saha: Glad you here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Roger.
Rajib Saha: Yeah, actually, I have,
Rajib Saha: 8GB RAM and 250GB SSD in my desktop. It is compatible for the development, or I have to upgrade this?
Sunny Savita: It is comfortable, sir, okay?
Rajib Saha: Okay, okay, thank you. Yeah.
Rajib Saha: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Rajiv. Yeah, Shankar, Ridam, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah, hi, I am Rhythm.
Sunny Savita: You have Rita? Please go ahead.
Ridham Kamal: I just wanna say, Sunny, that, thank you for the session, first of all. It was, great. Your, knowledge is too much.
Ridham Kamal: So, that's what I want to tell you. And, one more thing, it's just I… my… in my VS Code, I don't know why the Copilot chatbot is not there.
Ridham Kamal: It's not opening, I cannot do the AI thing. Can you please check?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen, I'll check, okay?
Ridham Kamal: Mmm…
Sunny Savita: Anyone having any, verbal doubt, you can ask. Meanwhile, Sankar, do you have any doubt?
Sankar USA: Thanks for the session. Yeah, this is really good. I liked it. Yeah, I have a few questions, actually. So, first thing, like, are you also going to talk about, like, I think you're going to talk about, fine-tuning and all indeed, but, will you also have plan to cover, evaluations, I mean, evals.
Sankar USA: these kind of… That's…
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss, okay? So, that is not a big deal, once we'll come to the application side, right?
Sunny Savita: There will include the evaluation also, okay?
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah.
Sankar USA: And, like, actually, I am actually a senior data engineer.
Sankar USA: So, but I'm just trying to scale, I mean, like, upskill myself to Generative AI and everything. That's why I started attending the session, and, like, when it, when it comes to a career choice, like, like, I mean, like, I'm a bit confused about whether I want to stay in my lane of data engineering, or this is going to the future, and,
Sankar USA: opportunities are going to get less. Any, like, opinion on these kind of things?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, data engineering is an evergreen field, right? So, always it would be there. But again, the growth is as stagnant, and some part of that might be automated, right? So, better to, like, search in a core AI for that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you have understanding of the data engineering, and then you are searching into the AI, means you have a complete architecture level of knowledge, okay, for any application. So, I would suggest you, if you know that, that is good for your portfolio, data engineering, if you come from that background, learn AI along with that, okay?
Sankar USA: Yeah, and, like, you have mentioned about the AI product manager, so, like, I mean, the other part of whatever, like, we are missing right now, I mean, in this course.
Sankar USA: Like, is there a way that, like, the product management part of the AI can be covered by… or how can we get that kind of knowledge?
Sunny Savita: AI product managers, see, again, AI product manager, who is AI product manager, who can manage the product? If you're seeing the product manager into the project, right, so what is their work?
Sunny Savita: What obst… what is your observation about the product manager?
Sankar USA: I mean, like, they have to give the specifications based upon the architecture related to, like, the AI… using the AI tech stack and AI architecture.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, means they have to play on the document side, right? Most of the time, they are into the business meetings.
Sunny Savita: They are working on the functional level, right? Means they are connected to the business, they are thinking how to create a product, right? How to manage a team. If they are into the technical side, then maybe they are, helping through the technical team, right?
Sunny Savita: Just on the architectural side, on the overall functional side, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, how AI can help over there? How you can suggest MCP, RAG, right? Agent Tech Architecture.
Sunny Savita: Right? How AI can make it scalable, intelligent. On that side, you have to think, right? Or if you're not going to be using any hardcore development over there, then which tool you can use? Can be done, can it be done by the cloud code, or can it be done by any…
Sunny Savita: like, no-code, low-code tool, okay? So you should have that understanding, and I think most of the part we are covering over here.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sankar USA: So, basically, what you're saying is, if you're already a product manager, then this kind of course can help us actually think from the AI perspective.
Sunny Savita: I mean, see, here, we are more into the technical side, right? But product management could be one of the side of it. See, in that, actually, I think we should have some…
Sunny Savita: communication skill, some business level of, like, knowledge, right? How this kind of product can help to the business. Okay, if we are going onto that side, along with the AI skill, I think that person
Sunny Savita: can be called the AI Product Manager, okay?
Sankar USA: Yeah, and also, like, when you were mentioning about, like, what is the impact of this coding assistance, like, you said, like, for POCs and RFPs, this was… this was good, but not for production-grade applications, right? But, but even for production-grade applications.
Sankar USA: like, the cloud code, or even this, the cursor or anti-gravity, these things, in generating the code at least piece by piece, right?
Sankar USA: want to achieve from the design perspective. Still, these things massively help, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct. If the code base is going to be bigger, right? So…
Sankar USA: Yep.
Sunny Savita: No, see, it is difficult to manage that.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So there, I'm… I was saying, if you have a basic MVP or a POC, right, there you can work standalone, in a standalone, like, mode, right? But if the code is going to be bigger, if the application is very huge, right? In that case, basically, you require a complete team, and your fundamental knowledge as well over there. And as I told you, definitely AI Coding Assistant is going to be… help you.
Sunny Savita: And even I told you, see, whenever we are going to deploy the application, or testing the application, even on that side also, my… this coding assistant cannot help too much, right? So,
Sunny Savita: those are not mature enough right now, where we can give the access of our cloud platform of our infrastructure, basically, but in future, it might be, okay? Maybe after 2 to 3 years, maybe? Like, after 3 to 5 years, you will see that side… that part also, okay? Where the deployment part is also being taken care of by the AI coding assistant and all, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: POC MVPs we can create quickly using this AI coding assistant, that is like Truth.
Sunny Savita: That is true, but, scalable application, the end-to-end production Git application, again, we required some human assistance also, along with the AIE. Got it?
Sankar USA: Yeah, but AI will definitely help with at least the part.
Sunny Savita: Definitely. ARAMS, right?
Sankar USA: Yeah, yeah. So, like, in this course, like, see, when we are using these coding assistance, like Cloud Code, of course, or anything, like, we need some… some… I mean, I think that also needs some expertise in how to actually use it, how to prompt it, and how.
Sunny Savita: You will learn that, sir, okay? Don't be overthink, don't be very conscious, just, like, learn those things along with the classes, okay? You will understand that. Got it?
Sankar USA: Yeah, I mean, that intuition of how to use it also, we can get it from this class, right? When we can see.
Sunny Savita: No, obviously, obviously. If I'm showing on that level how to configure, how to use that, if I configure in the first or second class itself, then definitely we are going to be learned, right?
Sankar USA: Yeah, sure. Yeah, thanks a lot, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, Shankar, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Radhima, please, Ridhamm, right, please share the screen.
Ridham Kamal: Rhythm, yeah. Can you see my screen?
Sunny Savita: No, I cannot see. Please share.
Ridham Kamal: I already shared.
Ridham Kamal: Beautiful.
Sunny Savita: No, you haven't shared that.
Ridham Kamal: Oh, I am.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Ridham Kamal: So this is where I'm stuck, and
Ridham Kamal: Every time it shows like this.
Sunny Savita: Just maximize your, this VS Code first.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, close all this thing.
Sunny Savita: Come to that workspace, click on the workspace.
Sunny Savita: Left-hand side. Top, top left, left one. First one, huh?
Sunny Savita: Explorer, correct.
Sunny Savita: Click over here.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Ridham Kamal: Bye, dude.
Sunny Savita: Close it… You… okay, just close this window also.
Ridham Kamal: Wait, let me just…
Sunny Savita: Close it, I'll close it.
Sunny Savita: While you're not seeing the chat icon? Have you logged into the co-pilot?
Sunny Savita: Just click on your profile below left-hand side.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah, this is my, oh.
Sunny Savita: You signed it, correct?
Ridham Kamal: This is my previous one.
Sunny Savita: This is so good.
Ridham Kamal: So let me sign out from the.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, don't, don't sign out.
Ridham Kamal: I deleted this account already.
Sunny Savita: You deleted this account.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, then, that's the reason you are not getting that. So, just sign in with the correct account, okay?
Ridham Kamal: So, how do I, like, see…
Sunny Savita: Sign out, and then again sign in, okay?
Ridham Kamal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Sign in with the correct account. Sign in, sync setting. Click on that, sign in.
Sunny Savita: And sign in with the correct GitHub account, okay?
Ridham Kamal: This is where… This is my account now.
Ridham Kamal: That's weird.
Sunny Savita: Then sign in, if it is your account.
Sunny Savita: Open it?
Ridham Kamal: No.
Ridham Kamal: Okay, it says ready.
Ridham Kamal: So, but it… it's like this. Why is it not showing where, the way it was showing in your,
Ridham Kamal: Computer?
Sunny Savita: It might be the updated one in my system. Just check with the chat option that is coming or not right-hand side.
Ridham Kamal: Let me just minimize this.
Sunny Savita: But just open any file over here, just open any folder, okay?
Ridham Kamal: Indeed.
Sunny Savita: Any, any folder, or whatever you've created.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah, I created one.
Ridham Kamal: I don't… okay, here.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Go with the test.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah, like this, if I have created this.
Ridham Kamal: Then…
Sunny Savita: Now, are you getting that?
Sunny Savita: Github Copilot chat, click on that.
Ridham Kamal: Now, should I write something?
Sunny Savita: Oh, right.
Ridham Kamal: whenever I write, see, it's the same thing. Oops, your response got filtered. This is what it is.
Sunny Savita: Just write that, just write that, and check what is coming.
Ridham Kamal: What should I write, like… Write me a code.
Sunny Savita: If your response got further, vote down if you think this should not happen.
Sunny Savita: Oh, just write anything.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, write something, hi, hello, or something.
Ridham Kamal: No.
Sunny Savita: Board down, just give the boat down.
Sunny Savita: Why are you getting like this?
Sunny Savita: Right-hand side, no, right-hand side, huh? Right-hand side.
Ridham Kamal: I have no idea.
Sunny Savita: Word down, vote down, thumbs down, thumbs down.
Ridham Kamal: Okay.
Ridham Kamal: Nothing.
Sunny Savita: on that.
Ridham Kamal: I already did.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just click on that eye icon, which is coming there, along with the message.
Ridham Kamal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I, I, I, but, huh, this one. Just hover your mouse there.
Ridham Kamal: I'm clicking it now.
Sunny Savita: Just write anything more, anything else. Again, hi, hello something. Write hi.
Ridham Kamal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I… yeah, now, hit enter.
Sunny Savita: No. White is coming like this…
Sunny Savita: This is the second I'm checking weight.
Ridham Kamal: B. Okay.
Sunny Savita: I think it is a problem with the account, maybe.
Sunny Savita: That's why it's coming like this.
Ridham Kamal: the GitHub account?
Sunny Savita: Github account.
Sunny Savita: Show me your GitHub account.
Sunny Savita: Open the GitHub account.
Ridham Kamal: Ew.
Ridham Kamal: I just made it because it was my previous… the same thing was happening, so I thought.
Sunny Savita: When you created it?
Ridham Kamal: Right now.
Nitin Gupta: I think need to restart the VS code and check if it's.
Sunny Savita: So your system is blocking. Sorry? I think your system is blocking that message, that's why it's coming like this. See, you just created an account, correct?
Sunny Savita: VS Code is not able to connect with the GitHub account, okay? Just do one thing, restart it again, and then check it again, okay?
Sunny Savita: Or you… what you can do, you can install this extension and reinstall it again, okay?
Ridham Kamal: What, the VS Code?
Sunny Savita: No, no, extension, GitHub co-pilot extension there.
Nitin Gupta: previous quarter.
Sunny Savita: In VS Code.
Nitin Gupta: In the VSCO.
Sunny Savita: Open the wheel.
Ridham Kamal: How to do that, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just go with the extension, install that.
Sunny Savita: GoPilot Chat, you open it, so you install it.
Sunny Savita: Install option is there, no?
Ridham Kamal: Wait.
Sunny Savita: Second option, install option.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, completely, like, close it.
Sunny Savita: And then…
Ridham Kamal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Again, it's restart it, and install it, and then check it again, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Do it, and let me know. Be there.
Sunny Savita: Until I'm taking on the other routes.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, Nitin, do you have any doubt?
Nitin Gupta: Yeah.
Nitin Gupta: Yeah, actually, hi, Sally. Actually, I have a question regarding the scalability, okay? So, let's say I have a production-grade application. So, one is the application, and one is the L&M model, what I am using, okay?
Nitin Gupta: So here, the scalability matters in two places. Application, okay, it's okay, we understand, like, what, depending upon the load, we need to deploy,
Nitin Gupta: use load balancer on the application mode. And about the LLM, let's say I'm using the LLM deployed with the SEO, okay?
Nitin Gupta: So if I'm trying to call the LLM using… and I have many users using the application at the same time.
Nitin Gupta: So, is it, like, we need to consider the deployment of our model on multiple instances, or no model will be able to handle all the calls?
Sunny Savita: Mmm…
Nitin Gupta: Because, let's say, we.
Sunny Savita: So you are, you are saying what, you have to…
Sunny Savita: You had deployed over the Azure, right? Azure Cloud Foundry, correct?
Nitin Gupta: Hmm?
Sunny Savita: And what you want to do, you wanted to use it.
Sunny Savita: That model.
Nitin Gupta: So, yeah, because model is anyway, calling LLM is paid, right? So, calling LLM is not paid. So, for a corporate application, we use, like.
Nitin Gupta: Azure deployment to some GPT, something like model, which is deployed on some, instance in Azure Foundry, right? And we are calling it.
Nitin Gupta: And so, let's say I have one instance deployed in Azure, but my application user is too much, okay, as for a corporate application, for example, it can be chatbot or AI, whatever.
Nitin Gupta: So that single deployment, model deployment instance will be sufficient, or we need to use multiple
Nitin Gupta: instances of the LLM to be deployed in parallel in Azure.
Sunny Savita: See, if many users are writing the application, right, at the same time, so we have to think about the scalability, that is true.
Sunny Savita: Right? One… one model instance may work for the low traffic, right? But for the larger traffic, what you have to do, you have… you require the multiple instance.
Nitin Gupta: So we need to use multiple LLMs.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so you have to think about the different way of the deployment.
Nitin Gupta: Different way means, like…
Sunny Savita: I have to manage… see, if the… if you're not going to be scale it.
Sunny Savita: Right? In that case, maybe you will have to manage the concurrency, rate limits, you might face some latency also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, think about the different deployment architecture. Got it?
Nitin Gupta: Okay.
Nitin Gupta: Okay, and one more thing, like, regarding Hugging phase, we spoke about Hugging Face also in the beginning, when you were telling about the course model. Like, in Hugging Face also, like, most of the models are open source, where you can
Nitin Gupta: Accessors.
Nitin Gupta: But from corporate point of view, I think Hugging Face also provides your Enterprise Edition, right?
Nitin Gupta: to use the secure model. So, from security point of view, I would like to know how those enterprise models are secured, and how… I mean, what is the security feature they actually put in?
Nitin Gupta: Quotion is, like, made.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see.
Nitin Gupta: maybe a little.
Sunny Savita: You, if you're going to be using the enterprise version of the Hugging Face, so they will assure your security, right?
Sunny Savita: means they will give you the VPC, right? Or they will give you some, basically a private hosted, server, right? Where, basically you can have your model, and you can directly use it just for your enterprises. The second thing what you can do, you can download those weights, or those models.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can tweak accordingly, you can do some fine-tuning and all if it is required.
Sunny Savita: And then you can host it on your own infrastructure, right? So that is also possible.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, if you're going to be using the basic, version of the Hugging Face directly, if you're going to be using it with a basic account in that case, like, I don't think, basically, with the Hugging Face…
Nitin Gupta: EOC point of view, we use directly open.
Sunny Savita: point of view, again, if you're using model from the Hugging Face API, then I won't suggest you that. Because, again, you are exposing the information to the Hugging Face server. Better to install that model on your own server, work it on your own system, and then test it.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point?
Nitin Gupta: Llama provides also to install the model on your system, right? Some basic models, like Llama 3 and all.
Sunny Savita: Using the OLAM? See, using the OLAM also, you can manage that.
Sunny Savita: That is fine, I understand that. Okay, but Hugging Face also provide you that kind of, that kind of, like, packages also, right? Transformer and all with that. You can install that model. You can directly install those weights. Okay, there you have more low-level authority on top of the model. You will directly get the binary files and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Right? Generally, we use that whenever we do the fine-tuning of the model. Got it?
Nitin Gupta: Yeah, which… well, we want to change the model, okay, for our domain, actually.
Sunny Savita: If you want to change the weights of the model, because directly we get the access of the model via weights.
Nitin Gupta: chest.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Nitin Gupta: But that is a training of the model. My question was not related to the training, my question was related to the usage of the model from corporate point of view, I want to use it.
Sunny Savita: Then you can simply use this, OLAMA only in that case.
Nitin Gupta: Okay, and one last question I have related to… maybe it's too early to ask, but I think Ahan is curious to know about that, about the logging off, okay, like, monitoring thing, okay? I know there are the paid things available, for example, OpenTelemetry and Lagsmith and all.
Nitin Gupta: But…
Nitin Gupta: But let's say, from corporate point of view, and if it is an internal project, I don't want to use the OpenTelemetry or Langsmith.
Nitin Gupta: So…
Nitin Gupta: Can we use Elasticsearch or something in a way to monitor such thing, like how my chatbot, internal chatbot, is working? Is it worth using Elasticsearch?
Nitin Gupta: I mean, I just want to know if I want to implement a good monitoring system.
Nitin Gupta: For my this AI project.
Nitin Gupta: We'll hold.
Sunny Savita: Yes, absolutely, you can do that. If you don't have a… depend on the Langesmith or an external observability Platform, right? If it is an internal corporate project, right?
Nitin Gupta: So…
Sunny Savita: You can use that.
Sunny Savita: Because, see, many teams… many teams basically build their monitoring and the logging stack using internal tools or, basically whatever infrastructure you have. So, you can use Elasticsearch along with what?
Nitin Gupta: In your case, that is a good one. Yeah, this is what I want to know, how to use Elastic. Elasticsearch, okay, I know, like, what is it, but…
Nitin Gupta: But is it good, like, for this kind of, monitoring for AI thing, how the chat…
Sunny Savita: See, along… see, alone, you don't need to configure that. Along with that, you can configure the log stash, Kivana.
Nitin Gupta: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Nitin Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: for the end-to-end monitoring, so that will help you. With that, actually, you can, track everything, like API logs, model response, latency, error tokens, everything, basically, okay?
Nitin Gupta: At least somebody asked me one question. Let's say… let's say I built a chatbot for, I mean… I mean, for a corporate client, okay?
Nitin Gupta: And the chatbot is not working fine. For example, chatbot is not responding as per the customer's answer… as per the customer's expectations, and he could.
Nitin Gupta: centered.
Nitin Gupta: do the logs, let's say I implement the app or whatever, how I get to know that it is not working as the customer's expectation? How I should be able to get those information and so that I can work on it?
Sunny Savita: This is a real-time scenarios, sir, okay? Whatever you are seeing in the long, and whatever, like, issue is being faced by that customer, right? Or.
Nitin Gupta: how I can track it through, because it is very difficult to know, right, when… I mean, when and what instance this thing happened, and then the dog, we will… how we will scan it, this information, whether the customer was happy or not.
Sunny Savita: Sir, it is very subjective, again, I'm saying. Okay, until… even I'm not seeing into that, I cannot answer for that, okay?
Nitin Gupta: Okay, okay, okay, I think that's it for now.
Nitin Gupta: Thank you, thank you for the.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, Nitin, thank you very much. Yeah, anyone else? Ramesh, Surendra, Roy?
Ridham Kamal: I've been having the same issue.
Sunny Savita: Okay, please share the screen, show me again.
Ridham Kamal: It's still the same.
Sunny Savita: Show me your GitHub account, click on that again, that icon, profile icon.
Ridham Kamal: This one?
Ridham Kamal: This is… yeah, correct.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait.
Sunny Savita: Is it correct account, right?
Ridham Kamal: Right.
Sunny Savita: items.
Sunny Savita: What is this Manage Trust Extension? Click on that.
Sunny Savita: Jules?
Ridham Kamal: Full bunch.
Sunny Savita: write GitHub Copilot chat over here.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Click on OK.
Sunny Savita: Just press Ctrl-Shift-P.
Ridham Kamal: Oh…
Sunny Savita: Ctrl, shift, it's so bad.
Ridham Kamal: book.
Sunny Savita: Press Ctrl-Shift-P on your VS Code. Maximize this screen and press that.
Ridham Kamal: I'm doing good.
Sunny Savita: Cold, Shift, and P.
Yash Patil: For you, it's command, command.
Ridham Kamal: Command, Shift, and P.
Sunny Savita: Huh, Command Short, just click on the, if you're seeing over the header, right?
Sunny Savita: So, over the header, there will be one view. Click on view, and then click on the command palette, yeah. Now, here, write Reload Window.
Sunny Savita: Reload window, second option.
Sunny Savita: I'll click on that.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now click on that co-pilot icon.
Sunny Savita: Shared one.
Sunny Savita: Open that.
Sunny Savita: Oh, wait.
Sunny Savita: If it is ready, this will go ahead and give you a certain…
Sunny Savita: Huh. Click on the co-pilot chat.
Sunny Savita: Noggins, write high or something.
Ridham Kamal: No.
Sunny Savita: Just open your account.
Sunny Savita: This one, show me your GitHub account.
Ridham Kamal: You.
Sunny Savita: Oh, now here… Click on that profile icon.
Sunny Savita: Copilot setting.
Sunny Savita: Install Copilot in a chat Copilot already, start building.
Sunny Savita: Upgrade for higher level, click on the Get Start.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Local ID… Asking GitHub Copilot question in your ID. Click on that.
Sunny Savita: Getting started with the prompt for the co-pilot chat, click on that hyperlink, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just documentation.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Click on this hyperlink, scroll up. What is this? Scroll up, scroll up.
Sunny Savita: Scroll up, up, ma'am, up.
Ridham Kamal: Oh, oh, sorry.
Sunny Savita: This one, asking GitHub corporate question in your ID.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: They've just given you this, hyperlinks over here.
Ridham Kamal: Documentations, right.
Sunny Savita: documentation. Just go back there, show me that co-pilot setting.
Sunny Savita: Maybe some issue is there with your co-pilot setting, that's why it is not coming.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down… let's move… Wait, scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Enable Copilot Search Web Dashboard Entry Point.
Sunny Savita: That's what I…
Ridham Kamal: I was also checking, everything is enabled.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, let me scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Ridham Kamal: more? Okay.
Yash Patil: Maybe we can check, if the…
Yash Patil: Copilot is answering in the github.com also, like, you can scroll up and see the GitHub icon there.
Yash Patil: Yeah, GitHub icon, or… yeah.
Yash Patil: Chat with it here.
Yash Patil: Say hi.
Sunny Savita: I think, see, it is not giving the access to your VS Code, maybe that is a issue.
Ridham Kamal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Some connectivity issue, it seems.
Sunny Savita: Okay, do one thing, just wait.
Sunny Savita: At least, for, today, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then again, check tomorrow. Show me…
Ridham Kamal: Do I have to… do I have to, like, download something?
Sunny Savita: No, that is fine, it is perfect. I don't think it is required.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so do one thing, just check after some time.
Ridham Kamal: Oh, good.
Sunny Savita: Got it. And, better if you can upgrade your VS Code.
Ridham Kamal: How to… yeah, that's what I was, like, thinking about, but how to do that?
Sunny Savita: Just, download the latest version from the VS Code website, from the Microsoft, okay? Just write VS Code download, you will get that option.
Sunny Savita: Or over the VS Code itself, maybe you will get that to update the version or something.
Ridham Kamal: Hmm… I'm checking if… Jake.
Sunny Savita: See, the better option is install it and again reinstall that. That's it. Okay?
Ridham Kamal: Okay, I'll do one thing, I'll uninstall the VS Code and reinstall the one from… for MacBook, and then try to.
Sunny Savita: And, try it after some time, maybe, like, after,
Sunny Savita: Morning, you can try, and then again in the next class, you can show me that part, okay? But to pre-install the VS Code, got it?
Ridham Kamal: Okay, got it.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: Okay, oh, I don't know…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just, just give me a moment,
Sunny Savita: Yes, Surinh, right? Yeah, please go ahead.
Surendhar: Yep.
Surendhar: So, Sanit, first of all, thanks. Today's session, you went very well, and, very in-depth on the…
Surendhar: architecture side. As a, like, I'm, like, a SQL developer side, SQL and a developer side. We're never going to develop any AI agents or AI tools, right? Just, we are going to use the tools, AI agents or AI tools.
Surendhar: A coding assistant purpose, but… We're never going to develop or enhance any…
Surendhar: agents or EA tools.
Sunny Savita: With that.
Surendhar: That said… What do you think, really, do we require to learn
Surendhar: in that much depth. What about today you went very architecture level to understand how it's in the backend is working, right?
Surendhar: as in my work nature, do I really require to learn that level, or is it really helpful?
Surendhar: Or will it be only enough to learn just as a prompt engineering level?
Sunny Savita: Beautiful.
Surendhar: Sadish, or what you've seen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, see, if you're not going to be develop anything using the AI, right, you're just using the AI.
Surendhar: in the.
Sunny Savita: In that case, the case is, like, a little different. Means, you're not doing an active development over there.
Sunny Savita: Correct. You're not going to create an AI agent tech architecture, or RAG, or basically any full-fledged application, or you are not doing any active development, okay? So your goal is different.
Sunny Savita: Right? So in that case, you need to focus, like, how to use AI effectively. How you can start… you can start with this AI coding assistant, you can start with the Cloud, right? You can explore the different, different plugins and all, from the cloud and all, right? And whatever coding assistant, whatever AI tool is being used inside your project, inside your enterprise, you can explore that.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can, create some, no-code, low-code flow.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? And on the other side, let's say tomorrow you wanted to switch your project.
Sunny Savita: you wanted to work on something, you wanted to create something for yourself, or any project for your resume, for the upcoming transition, or something like that. For that, you should have understanding of this other side, the development side, okay? So you can keep both together.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can focus on the AI uses along with that AI development. Okay? AI development, you can keep light, no need to go in depth if you don't want that. Just focus on the other side.
Surendhar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Like, having this knowledge is not a bad thing, again, I'm saying, right?
Surendhar: Yeah, yeah, I mean, like, if I'm not going to change my role, still, if I'm going to stick in my current role, I want to understand.
Surendhar: In this role, how… how much is going to be helpful learning and development part? That's what, like…
Sunny Savita: You see, SQL, you are a SQL developer, correct? So, SQL could be generated by AI Coding assistant, okay? So, how to use a tool effectively, like Cloud, or OpenAI Codex, or any other tool? That matters over there.
Sunny Savita: If you're not going to change your role in that case, you're just learning for your gender knowledge, that's it. Okay.
Surendhar: Got it. And another term still kind of confusing for me, the model learn… training the model, training the model, or LLM model, or enhancing
Surendhar: a model.
Sunny Savita: Absolutely.
Surendhar: If something… required in this part, which I'm making a usage standpoint, or is there.
Sunny Savita: Dune?
Surendhar: From the A development side, which side it's going to come, that piece.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it comes under the AI development only. When it is required, actually, it is required, whenever we have to host our own LLM infrastructure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so not every company is doing that, but the big enterprise is doing that. Maybe you could be part of that team, but you could not be part of that team.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's say if someone want to be, like, create their own LLM infrastructure, they wanted to host their own LLMs, okay, for their internal uses and all. At that side, this LLM fine-tuning, LLM knowledge enhancement, that side would be required.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So, just to…
Sunny Savita: have a knowledge of it, how to do that for the interview purpose, right? For the understanding the LLM working, LLM training pipeline and all. This is good, right? On the rest… other side, we are… we are going to be work most of the time, that is RAG, agents.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Direct use of the LLM.
Sunny Savita: Right? There, we are going to be work most of the time, 90-25% time. Okay? 5%, this knowledge is required, maybe somewhere in some project. They might ask you, fine-tune this model, let's host it for our own team. Maybe you are going to be part of that kind of startup where they are doing such thing.
Surendhar: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Surendhar: Brilliant.
Sunny Savita: So, it depends. Got it?
Surendhar: Okay, I think this helps a lot, Sunny. And the last question, the A agents, right, are we… as part of this course, did we going to see some agent… A agents development, something?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll, develop as a project only, okay?
Surendhar: Gotcha.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Surendhar: Yeah, thanks for that.
Sunny Savita: I mentioned that, you can check with the syllabus, okay?
Surendhar: Alright, let me one second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Surendhar: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so Surand is done, now Nagesh, Akles, anyone is their Facebook expert.
Nagesh: I am, I am, Sunny.
Nagesh: Oh.
Nagesh: Yeah, hi, Sanisa. Thank you so much for today's session, it was great. And my question is, like, it is very unusual, should I go ahead and ask? It is a… I just need your opinion on my, career guidance, so…
Nagesh: Yeah, so I'm basically, I'm from testing background, and, I have done automation and also do functional testing as of now. So, in our company, it's a product-based organization, wherein we use,
Nagesh: Oracle Cloud applications and ERP applications. So, yeah, as you said, like, even I'm expecting maybe down the line, 3 years, 5 years, maybe it won't be, the complex applications, right, won't be replaced easily by AI, so… as a part of coding is concerned.
Nagesh: So, my question is, like, I joined this, like, because I was following Krishna X's YouTube videos and all, so I didn't know exactly, like, I just wanted a transition from QA to either to
Nagesh: development side, or to DevOps side, or LLM ops side.
Nagesh: So, I see it is very interesting, this course. So, I want your guidance where I should be focusing, like,
Nagesh: For the better transition of my career growth.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what is your, aim means, what you are aiming in upcoming next, like, 6, 6 to 8 months, or maybe within a 1 year?
Nagesh: Yeah, I'm… my aim is to, like, either to become, like, a genera, GenTKI, dev side, or at least towards the… I mean, I don't know my capability, as of now, towards the technical side or framework side. Whenever the framework things comes, I am a bit skeptical and scary.
Nagesh: But I haven't, worked on it.
Nagesh: So, I want your guidance, like, should I go ahead and learn with the flow, how you are teaching, and try my best?
Nagesh: And, also, one more point is, we have some… maybe we will get some op… I mean, I… I may get some opportunity internally to switching my…
Sunny Savita: Good evening.
Nagesh: They're in the same organization.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, got it. So, see, your current position also, it's not very weak, right? So, it's a stronghold, a strong one. You are from the QA background, right? You have a product-based company experience, right? You have an exposure to the real system.
Nagesh: this.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: I would say this is a perfect, launch pad, means you have a complete understanding of the system, business, and the project, and all everything.
Nagesh: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right?
Nagesh: So…
Sunny Savita: it, definitely, like, manual QA work will shrink in the future, right? And AI-aware engineers may grow fast, right? So…
Sunny Savita: to know the AI, and to know the AI from the development perspective, both is good. This is the first thing. So, what kind of position you can, aim, as I told you, I mentioned in my notes also, Gen AI engineer.
Sunny Savita: AI engineer, right? Even after getting some experience as a Gen AI engineer, as a back-end Gen AI engineer, you can move to the AI architect level also, because you have a good experience in the industry, right? But it will take time.
Sunny Savita: So, I would suggest you focus on the AI engineer, Gen AI engineer. If any opportunity is coming to you in the organization, if any project coming to you, then take an experience over there, and then move ahead. Getting my point. Okay.
Nagesh: Yes, got it, yes.
Nagesh: Got it. On the parallel side, should I focus on LLM ops and, MLOps side also?
Sunny Savita: See, those are just a word, actually. Everything comes into the DevOps only. Okay, so it's all about the deployment of the project, that's it.
Nagesh: Okay, and one more question, sorry. Like, I told, right? So, like, I was also thinking, like, to move on to the system analyst side, or wherein I am doing the testing as of now, as a part of the team.
Nagesh: So, if I get an opportunity on ERP application system analyst, I mean, it is into a dev site, relatively.
Nagesh: Should I go ahead, or will it be more for me, as I'm learning as of now, to handle both the things?
Nagesh: That is what… I'm sorry if I'm asking a wrong question.
Sunny Savita: No, no, see, if you're getting opportunity, you can move ahead, right? If it is a… if it is good for your career. But as you told, you are mainly aiming to the AI project, so that should.
Nagesh: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Nagesh: Yes, so at a later point, I can move to the different, things, once I learn this, right? So, yeah, I got it, I got it.
Sunny Savita: sort of…
Nagesh: My priority should be learning this, yeah.
Nagesh: Got it. Thank you so much, and it was a great session, and thanks for this opportunity, actually. I'm really well-membered. Thank you. Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: distinguishable.
Nagesh: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, guys, so I'll take 2 minutes of break, just for the water.
Sunny Savita: I will resume by, 11.28, okay? Give me 2 minutes of break, okay?
Admin: Sure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's resume now. So, yeah, Kumar or Krish, anyone is there?
Admin: Oh, hi.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Is it Kumar, right?
Admin: No, Deepak.
Admin: Exactly.
Krish S: Krush… Krush is here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Krisha's also there. Yeah, Deepak, first you go, then Krish.
Admin: Yeah, so I just wanted to check with you this, like, SLM models.
Admin: Or, you told another model is there, right? LLM, SLM, and one more.
Sunny Savita: Multimodal LLMs.
Admin: Okay, that is a multimodal LLM, okay.
Sunny Savita: butter.
Admin: So, this SLM, will you be able to tell us how to create a SLM? Because SLM won't take… SLM is obviously a small one.
Admin: Will you also be…
Sunny Savita: We don't need to create those models, already those models are there, so we have to use those models.
Admin: Correct, correct. So, the baseline model will be available. So, on the top of that, we can train, whatever we need to train. So, will you be also able to teach that?
Sunny Savita: Definitely, definitely, we'll train the SLM only, okay, which is easy to train, actually.
Admin: And, once that model is trained, we can deploy somewhere, and we can, like, call that model.
Sunny Savita: we can deploy that, actually. I created one video on top of it, just check with my YouTube, if you can. So, just write SLM Sunny Savita, you will get, okay?
Admin: Okay, okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Admin: Yeah, that's all I just wanted to know. And this, like, transformer entire architecture you are going to teach, right?
Sunny Savita: Huh, I mean, so I will, go with the architecture, and we'll understand how it works, okay?
Admin: each component of the architecture. Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Kumar, you are there.
Krish S: Right?
Sunny Savita: I cannot hear you.
Krish S: I'm Pietrisha.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, Krish, you go ahead. Kumar, please check with your microphone, you are writing in a chat, but I cannot hear you, basically. Yeah, Krish, you can go ahead.
Krish S: Yeah, thanks, Ani. You know, excellent intro today. So, my background is, like, I'm a product manager, and I do have some development experience, but it was probably, like, a decade and a half ago.
Krish S: So, I wanted to explore deep into this whole AI engineering. As a PM, I think, you know, you just cannot be, like, an information broker, but you do need to understand a little bit more depth about how those whole things work. So, given that, you know, as I dive deep into some of these things.
Krish S: I believe the prerequisites, what I saw was, like, Python and then a couple of other,
Krish S: You know, basics around ML, deep learning. So my question is, like.
Krish S: From a Python perspective, like, I know the fundamentals, what else would you want me to focus in order to be successful here, you know, without, you know, being a blocker for others?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, you know the fundamental?
Sunny Savita: And you wanted to understand on whatever part we need to be focused, is it?
Krish S: Correct, correct, correct, so that at least I can put my.
Sunny Savita: It's not going to be a blocker for your, learning, right? In, in, in your, like, Gen AI classes and all. So, see, what I would, suggest to you,
Sunny Savita: Python is one of the things I already told, correct?
Sunny Savita: Now, if you're going through with these classes, embedding and encoding transformer, in that you might feel that my basics should be a little bit clearer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, my basic is what? My basic, like, deep learning basics, ANN-related basics and all. That's it. Now, after these classes, you won't feel that, because everything is going to be practical. Most of the part is going to be practical only.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, if you wanted to understand how the model works, how the training works, how the, the earlier models being trained, okay, how the neural network works, in that case, I would suggest you go through with the MLNDL crash course, means, whatever videos we have uploaded, that would be sufficient.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, in the, prerequisite section, already we have given you those videos, complete that part, okay? And, you can directly relate, those fundamental concepts in your, transformer in the embedding and coding learning. And after that, I think everything will go smoothly. Even, you won't feel that I required ML and DL.
Sunny Savita: Okay? My MLDR, as I told you, it is just required, maybe to correct the interview. If you're giving interview in some good company, they might ask you the question, even it depends on the interview mind as well. Means, like, how, he is,
Sunny Savita: conducting your interview, how he's driving an interview means, he's asking the fundamental basics, MLD or not, right? It, completely based on that. So, theory, interview, with that perspective only, we have to learn all this thing. Otherwise, for the practical, it is not required. Got it?
Krish S: Okay, and as far as the coding is concerned here, like, you know, will the Python fundamentals do, or, like, do I need to know certain packages, like, in-depth, before,
Sunny Savita: No, no, that's fine, sir. That is not required.
Sunny Savita: it be in the class itself, okay? Learn, together, all together, okay, along with me only. That would be sufficient, okay? No worries about that.
Krish S: Yes, great. And one… sorry, one follow-up question, like, I… you do… you did mention, like, some of the frameworks, and I'm particularly interested, like, Langgraph, LangChain, and all that. Is that, like, a prerequisite, or is it something that we learn as part of the, curriculum?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not a prerequisite. while we are completing this topic and all, it will come, okay? So, I have to take the specific classes for this framework, it is important. So, it is not a prerequisite, it is a mainstream of the course, okay?
Sunny Savita: It will come in the mainstream only. In our course itself, we'll cover all this thing, okay?
Krish S: Perfect, great, alright. Thanks, honey.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Krish.
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait, Kumar, are you able to check with the mic? Did you check?
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Yeah, yeah, I'm able to.
Sunny Savita: Yo, please go ahead.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: My question is, right, I'm unable to see the live class's recorded video, so that's what I'm trying to understand, why I'm missing…
Sunny Savita: Show me, show me that, I can check, share the screen, I'll check, okay?
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Sure.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Meanwhile, any other person, if you have any bubbled out, please go ahead.
roy: Yeah, can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Shibam, right?
roy: That's right.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: I'm sharing the screen.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, guys, coming to you then. Yeah, Kumar, show me where you're not able to get. What you're not able to get, sorry?
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Recorded session, right? So, a recorded video.
Sunny Savita: Go back, go back.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: So here you can see.
Sunny Savita: Go back, go back, huh? Courses?
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Yeah, I went in courses.
Sunny Savita: Fullistic, click on it.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: soon, right?
Sunny Savita: Fully stack, sir, fullistic.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: It was this much. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Live session maheto recording.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Here it is? Oh, this is the one I was checking in previous one, okay? This is the… okay, this is the one you're saying.
Sunny Savita: Oh, correct.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Okay, I was checking, there's a full route, not… I was checking your previous, I mean, full, what gave. Anyway, I'm able to see, I was checking, here are the ones…
Sunny Savita: No, no, you endured in this course, right?
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Okay, okay, yeah, thank you very much, yep.
Sunny Savita: I was confusing.
KrishnaDutt: Hey, while he's sharing, this Python prerequisite privilege doesn't place any…
Kumar, Ram Shringar: No, no, it is barking, if you'll come here, right? Here, you will see here.
KrishnaDutt: performing, so that's the reason, oh.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Okay.
KrishnaDutt: Maybe I'll share my screen, yeah.
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Okay, let me stop.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, you…
Kumar, Ram Shringar: Thank you, Asheni, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Krishna, Christopher, Aklesh, anyone is there, please.
KrishnaDutt: Yeah, this is Krishna here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Krishna.
KrishnaDutt: I needed to share that, hey, Sanit, thanks for the course, it's really great.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
KrishnaDutt: First session, and I was looking for some help on,
KrishnaDutt: like, covering up previous sessions where you, talked about Python installation and other things. So, I just wanted to get help on that. That's why.
KrishnaDutt: Second thing, the Python link is not working for me. I can share if you want. And, third thing is, like, I am more on the management role, and I'm just, not, like, maybe a couple of years back, I was, on the engineering part, but now, the coding part, like Python, I'm not very pro.
KrishnaDutt: So, I just wanted to understand your context, right? How it could help me.
KrishnaDutt: This course is going to help you.
Sunny Savita: See, Python should not be very pro, actually, because, anyhow, code will be written by the co-pilots only, as I showed you today, correct? So if you have basic understanding of the fundamental, if you know how Python works, what all, like, syntax, fundamental, the basics of the Python.
Sunny Savita: then it is fine. If you're going for any good company, for any turban company, if you're giving interview for any
Sunny Savita: good company, right? Let's say Google, Amazon, Microsoft, NVIDIA. So, these companies are actively asking for the data structure, right? So, then you will have to learn the Python, the data structure, system design. Got it? On a fundamental level.
Sunny Savita: But, if you're not, going for that, if you're, like, not giving any such interview in that case, for the development work.
Sunny Savita: It is not required, right? So I would suggest you learn the fundamental of the Python, then start, coding, okay, with the co-pilot and all. So whatever code is and all being generated, analysis that code, automatically will understand the depth of the Python. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yep.
KrishnaDutt: Can I share my screen? That Python course is not working for me?
Sunny Savita: You can share the skin, I'll check.
KrishnaDutt: So I'll join as a panelist, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, join as a panelist, correct.
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, meanwhile, can I ask a lot of questions?
KrishnaDutt: Yeah, so…
Sunny Savita: Yes, Saeed Varam, correct?
Sivaram Yadav: Siuramia do.
Sunny Savita: Just Sibram, yeah, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait, let me, let me check with the Krishna, then I'll come, okay, wait.
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, yeah, friendly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's right.
KrishnaDutt: this prerequisite Python, this course, Hmm, this… This does not work, right?
Sunny Savita: Click, click, link, hyperlink, blue color.
Sunny Savita: That blue color, playlist, check with the playlist.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: You are using your s- office system?
KrishnaDutt: No, no, this is my personal.
Sunny Savita: What it is showing a scroll up.
KrishnaDutt: That's the one… that's the only thing that I.
Sunny Savita: Our system shouldn't detect unusual traffic from your computer network. Please try your request again, why did it happen?
KrishnaDutt: It's not letting go, so…
KrishnaDutt: If I just go directly to this YouTube URL, would that work? I don't know, means I have not tried yet.
roy: use any VPN or proxy, or just wait for.
roy: Somehow, it will work.
KrishnaDutt: Okay.
KrishnaDutt: Okay, so that's the problem I'm facing.
Sunny Savita: You can use any VPN, I think it'll work, or check with the incognito mode once, if you can check.
KrishnaDutt: Okay, let me check.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
KrishnaDutt: Oh, no, it's working, yeah, so that's great.
Sunny Savita: That's okay.
KrishnaDutt: I think a quick one is, like, in VS Code, I… Just mention that you want to learn Python. So, do not learn Python in manual way in 2025, because.
Sunny Savita: Oh, your video is running, just close.
KrishnaDutt: Exposed it.
KrishnaDutt: Yeah.
KrishnaDutt: So, I did, that UV install, and then, based on that, Python 12.1, what is that? 3.12, right? That wasn't installed. And then I created, one…
KrishnaDutt: repo here.
KrishnaDutt: Like this one, and then.
Sunny Savita: thing.
KrishnaDutt: created a local project and just did a dummy commit. That's what I did. So, did I miss anything, as part? Because this is my first class, right? So, did I miss anything?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, you're going good, actually. So you just required the VS Code, and this chat setup and all, that's it, okay? And as well, progress, right? So again, I'll show you the environment setup, UV package and all. Okay, in my way, I will show you that, so you can follow that part, okay?
KrishnaDutt: Okay, yeah, okay.
KrishnaDutt: So, so, last question I asked was, like, being on management side, I just want to be in the flow for this, agentic journey, because every company is asking everyone to do the coding, right? So this is good path, right? I don't need to go for other course.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, correct. You don't need to go, actually.
KrishnaDutt: Thank you. Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Krishna. Now… Sivram, please go ahead.
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, hi both.
Sivaram Yadav: My question is, like, we consume LLMs by using public APIs, right?
Sivaram Yadav: Further, do we use some AP key?
Sivaram Yadav: But that is for POCs and MVPs, I think fine.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sivaram Yadav: To production data, like, it will expose, right, like, this sensitive data, or data leakage, it will come, data privacy issue will come, right?
Sivaram Yadav: So, I read somewhere we use, like, a private approach by cloud, through cloud…
Sivaram Yadav: So, that part will be covered in this course.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I'll show you how you can configure the AWS Bedrock or Azure Cloud Foundry.
Sunny Savita: It's not very difficult, it's very simple, okay? So, don't worry about that, we'll check.
Sunny Savita: We'll see.
Sivaram Yadav: One more, one more question. So, we develop, front-end and back-end both applications, right? And we consume through FastAPI Server.
Sivaram Yadav: Cut, right? That way, we'll… we are doing right.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right. Front-end, back-end, without that, how we can create an end-to-end application?
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, Unicon, Unicon Server, we are using it.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Sunny Savita: ubiquon server would be there, we'll learn that, okay?
Sivaram Yadav: It, it'll, it'll show some…
Sivaram Yadav: APAs, then we can test from Postman or any front-end by using, right?
Sunny Savita: From anywhere, we can test those APIs, actually. We can create a basic stimulator UI, or we can test it via Postman, we can test it via Swagger UI, okay? We'll show that.
Sivaram Yadav: Yeah, great deal. Thank you.
Sivaram Yadav: Wow, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so Sivram is done now, Sandeep, Yogeshwan.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah, yeah, I can go, yeah. Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, sure. Yeah, you can, sure.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Let me show you.
Yogesh Raheja: One week ago?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Are you able to share? Let me share a page, just do it.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Sandy, let me know if you're able to share my visual code.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see, sir.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Actually, I'm able to run the Copilot chart, I'm getting that this month, but I'm getting this continuous message, so we have normal terminal and this terminal. So, shall I install, or shall I cancel this,
Sunny Savita: command requires a command line developer tool, would you like to… huh? Install that? Install that.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Trying to go with OK.
Sunny Savita: Because in our backend, no, it is… it will be using that just to execute the command, so install it.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Okay, so I need to explain, okay, that's one question. Okay, no, I will do that then, okay?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: And one more thing, first of all, oh…
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Sunny, thanks for the stretching out till the… around… now we are reaching till the 12 AM. Thanks for that, and patiently handling our question and queries. I have one follow-up question, actually, Sunny. Basically, I have 18 years plus experience, and I belong to the mostly management side, I belong to the telecom, and…
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: networking side, where we are, use cases of the Argentic AI use cases.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: So, we are applying the AI and AML stuff for the network creator, telecom creator resources. Okay.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: So, having this kind of experience, I'm not a hardcore developer, but in the meantime, I was a part of the somewhere basic Python and network automation, okay? So, I just want to understand from you how this could be helpful for me, because I saw there are so many transitions happen
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: And we are using AI agents and the AI stuff in the telecom network domain also.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: So, being at the management side, how this could be helpful for me, though I'm interested.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: I am much more fascinated about this stuff, so how you can guide me in this particular…
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: stream, how we can… I can…
Sunny Savita: If you're aiming to the specific, domain, correct? And if you want to learn AI-related application over there, so what I would suggest to you, first take a fundamental understanding of the AI, right? How the,
Sunny Savita: basically, AI engine needs to be created, and then understand on an architecture level, okay? And then, basically, create some project by yourself. Got it?
Sunny Savita: You can easily find out the use cases, data, right? You can easily, like, get some use cases to automate the task and all, right? So I would suggest you take a fundamental understanding, understand on architecture level, deep dive into the frameworks and all, and then create some project from your end. Got it?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Okay, and sorry, for the people who are around continuous, can the interval will be go deeper in the coding level, or shall we test how we are applying the AI?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: So, this is…
Sunny Savita: Completely depend on the interviewer, actually.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Okay.
Sunny Savita: what I seen, even I took the interview of the guy who is, like, 20, 24 year of experience, but, at some places, I still ask for some code and all. So, it depends.
Sunny Savita: on the interviewer for which role they're taking to you. Let's say on the client end, there is a requirement of the coding, right? And, you have to be, handle the application as a senior engineer, and maybe you have to be codes at some places, correct?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, at that time, they can ask you the coding.
Sunny Savita: Right? But let's say on a functional level, you have to, take care of the project, or on a…
Sunny Savita: technical level, where you're just leading the architecture, or you're just consulting into the… to the bigger team, right? So there, maybe, they won't ask you the coding, they will ask you about your architecture and the previous application, system design of… system design level of experience, right? So it is a subjective thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you should, like, clear, you should have… you should be clear this thing to your, interviewer only. So, wherever you're giving interview, just check, what kind of interview, means, you deep dive into the coding and all. You can ask this, this is… this very casually, okay, as you are already experienced one.
Sunny Savita: I think, you can tickle the situation and all, right?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah, okay.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah, got it. But this will be definitely helpful for the learning the… this whatever we are, the course curriculum we have, that will be helpful for me to apply in the… my use cases also, correct?
Sunny Savita: Definitely, sir, definitely. Just check out the curriculum. We are learning only those things which is required in the current AI era, correct? So, why it's not going to be helpful?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir, we already have the use cases. We are deploying some… we are using pre-VI platform, actually, okay? The no-core kind of, little bit core, and we are developing that kind of use cases in our network. We have some agents which we develop, and we are utilizing that kind of pre-VI platform, so that's why, fascinated about this course here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, that's, like, that's going to be useful, sir, definitely.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Yeah, and thanks a lot, Sunny, for guiding us, you know.
Yogeshwar Deore_ycd: Migrated for all this stuff, yeah. Thanks, man.
Sunny Savita: Sure, thank you, thank you, thank you.
sandeep: Hey, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sandeep, Vankert, anyone is there, please go ahead.
sandeep: Deep speaking.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
sandeep: I just wanted to know, like, in the real world, where are these models getting deployed? Is it in,
sandeep: On-premise, or, AWS Bedrock, where it is being deployed in the real world.
Sunny Savita: Which… what you are going to be deploying, sorry.
sandeep: These models that we are,
sandeep: fine-tuning and agents, right? Where are they getting.
Sunny Savita: Oh, see, if you are… see, you don't need to deploy over the AWS backdrop, because there you will already find out the model. It is a managed service. Managed service means they already given you that, you just need to manage through the SDK. SDK means what?
Sunny Savita: SDK means Software Development Kit. Okay, means they are giving the package, you just need to manage that platform using that code and all, right? Using that module.
sandeep: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you wanted to host your model on your own server, for that, you'll have to do the infrastructure setup. Infrastructure setup means what? Over the cloud?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, over the cloud and all, you will have to do that. You will have to, like, purchase the server. There, you will have to, like, set up the app, like, in Fry and all completely, right? RAM and all, everything. And there you are going to be hosted.
sandeep: Where is the most demand?
Sunny Savita: Demand-wise, the Azure Cloud Foundry AWS Bedrock is a very practical one, so we are going to use that directly, okay?
sandeep: Okay, and for a follow-up question, I come from Salesforce background, where it builds Salesforce agent, its own agents, but now, here, I will be learning, creating agents using LandChain. So…
sandeep: I'm at the crossroads where I have to choose between Salesforce Agent or Learn Agent and use Salesforce APIs. So, what do you suggest?
Sunny Savita: Salesforce API for loading a model, right? For loading the LLM, and Salesforce Agent is their own framework for creating it, is it?
sandeep: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So you can learn both simultaneously, actually. You can use those API inside your AgentTech application, okay? So both frameworks you can learn simultaneously. Got it?
sandeep: Okay, okay. Yeah. And if I want to deploy…
sandeep: the models locally, on-premise. Do I need to have GPU, And all in my system.
Sunny Savita: You require the GPU for loading that model, for inferencing, actually. You require the faster processing, and there, you will have to take a GPU, actually.
sandeep: 16 GB is good enough.
Sunny Savita: I don't think so, just check out with the AWS, they have given you the specific configuration for that.
Sunny Savita: What kind of configuration would be required.
Sunny Savita: Just check out the VRAM and all everything, okay? So, at least 24GB VRAM.
sandeep: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just, just check, with the AWS, GPU guide, you will get that.
sandeep: Okay, thank you so much for your time. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Cindy. Thank you.
Yogesh Raheja: Honey.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, yes, Satish, please go ahead. Satish, are you there?
Kiran: Hi, Sunny, can I go ahead, get an ear?
Sunny Savita: Kieran, you are there, just a second, let me check.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, please go ahead. Kiran, Prince, or Venkat, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Kiran: Yeah, yeah, Yasani, thank you for this opportunity, and I would say it is a well-articulated curriculum. This is my first class.
Kiran: Basically, I'm having the expo… I mean, having good exposure on cloud and the DevOps front. I'm currently working in product-based company on the production side from past 9-plus years.
Kiran: So, I was going through the curriculum, and I can see, like.
Kiran: Whether I should say go deep dive on the EA, on the developmental role, or on the ops side, Sunny.
Kiran: I'm a bit confused here, like, how to choose the path.
Kiran: for this.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so your, like, profile is already DevOps Engineer, correct?
Kiran: Yeah, cloud and DevOps, both.
Sunny Savita: See, DevOps, again, it's an evergreen field, right? So,
Sunny Savita: as I told you, data engineering, similar to the DevOps, okay? Because…
Sunny Savita: Anyhow, we'll have to deploy the application, and for that cloud CICD, that knowledge is required, so infrastructure management and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what I would suggest to you, if you wanted to come into the development side, where you are going to write a code, okay, develop a feature for the application, AI-related coding and all, okay, if your aim to… if your aim is that, then
Sunny Savita: means, this course is, like, for you only, right? But let's say if you want to carry the DevOps, profile only for the future.
Sunny Savita: Right? And with some AI knowledge.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Kiran: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: And you don't need to focus much on the development side. You just understand how the things is working, how to create a rack system, agentic system, so that whenever it is coming to you for deploying.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can do the, better job, means you can understand the internal working of that. Okay? So, again, DevOps and development, both are different folks. See, on an enterprise level, there is a, like, clear-cut segregation between them.
Sunny Savita: Right? Even I work on so many projects for bigger GCCs, for the bigger enterprises, they are, they are segregating, actually the teams. They are keeping the different team for the development side. For the DevOps folks, the task is different, okay? To manage the infra, to deploy the latest, deploy code.
Sunny Savita: Right? I think you know better, right? So, yeah. So, as I told you, AI might integrate over there also, means AI can also manage the infra and all. Cloud… Cloud is working on that level currently, where it can manage the CI-CD pipeline, it can write a script, it can, basically,
Sunny Savita: write some configuration, infrastructure as a code, right? But again,
Sunny Savita: We cannot give the complete, hands-free to this coding assistant, because, you know, this cloud is directly associated with the cost, right?
Sunny Savita: If anything is going wrong in our code, we can correct it, but if anything is going wrong on our infrastructure level, we cannot correct that, right? Means, we can correct, but again, you'll have to pay the higher cost, okay, on that side.
Kiran: The knobs can…
Sunny Savita: Correct. So, if the AI is going to be integrated on the DevOps side, again, some supervisor will be required, so if you are looking into that profile for the upcoming near future, that is also good. If you wanted to come into the development side, then yeah, this course is for you. Learn the complete development. Got it? In the AI.
Kiran: Yeah, yeah, Sunny, that is my actual thing now. In my organization, the people have started working on the voice assistant, like agent decays and all, but I'm not even… means I'm not aware of it. Slow people are talking on the AI area, so I should have to cope up with them, so it's my personal interest to learn on these things.
Sunny Savita: So, see, what I would suggest to you, learn this thing, develop it if you're getting opportunity, then keep your DevOps knowledge also with you.
Kiran: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that is my end goal, actually.
Kiran: not to switch completely from DevOps, but I should, like, take the leverages of AI and put it in real world, is my…
Kiran: End gold ascent, yeah.
Sunny Savita: No, I think you are clear now, correct?
Kiran: Yeah, correct.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Kiran: Thank you so much for your patience and the long sun. Yeah, thank you. Have a good day.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Kurt.
Ram S: Yeah, Python.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Ram and Venkat, please go ahead.
Ram S: So, I could… Let me start, Sally.
Venkat: Pretty good.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Venkat. Ram, Venkat, anyone is there, please go. Venkat, first you go, then Ram, you can go.
Ram S: Okay.
Venkat: Yeah, in that Notion document, you have mentioned, like, you know, a lot of tools, Saginase, PyTorch, and Unsplot and all. So, these will be covered at certain point of this course, or only partially it will be covered?
Sunny Savita: So, as per the requirement, we are going to be used that, okay? We are going to be covered. It's not like that we are going to be learning the PyTorch, complete PyTorch, because it is very used, right?
Venkat: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It's not like that we are going to be learning the complete end-to-end language, because so many things are there. But yeah, as per the requirement, whatever
Sunny Savita: thing we require, we are going to be, use that, okay? And, again, if you know how to use that, then you can use any sort of a feature, any sort of a mod… any sort of a class module from there, from those packages, right?
Sunny Savita: So don't worry about that.
Venkat: Okay, got it. And you also mentioned you may not cover encoder, decoder architecture, but you will cover, like, you know, encoding, embedding, semantic search, and all.
Sunny Savita: Now, there is one more architecture in the NLP, that is called encoder-decoder architecture, the classical architecture, okay? So I was not going to cover that, because it comes again under the NLP syllabus, and we are out of that syllabus right now, means we are into the Gen AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so encoding embedding is required, because directly it is related to the AI system, the rack system, okay, retrieval system, and to understand the working of the transformer, current LLMs, right, you should have understanding of the
Sunny Savita: embedding encoder also. That's why we have included that part. Got it?
Venkat: Then, do you suggest us, you know, to refresh or have some basic understanding of encoder-decoder architecture as well?
Sunny Savita: Yes, so you can go and check, I think with my previous course, maybe there we have covered some NLP, so you will get the video. Otherwise, you can check out the Krista YouTube channel, maybe they have… he has uploaded.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Or you can drop me a mail, I can share some resources, where from there, you can learn about it.
Venkat: Okay, third and last question. It seems, like, you know, these agent decays, RAGs, and all will be using a lot of APIs. So, do you have to have any understanding or learning of, you know, REST API, Fast API, something like that, prior to this course? Or, like.
Venkat: Oh, wow.
Sunny Savita: So, if you're going to be built API, then it is required. If you're going to be use API, in that case, it is not required, right? You just need to use their inbuilt SDK, right?
Venkat: So…
Sunny Savita: Download that SDK, connect with the API key, and use that. It is simple, as simple as that. But if you're going to build the application, if you're going to build the API, then this raised SOAP, or the other kind of knowledge of the API, right, socket and all, it will be required. Got it?
Venkat: Can we develop dragons, don't we need, you know, API developing skills? First of all, I have developed deployed, which, like, you know, predicts something, and I want to deploy it on some platform, then I might need to convert all this into an API kind of thing, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Venkat: So then, in that case, maybe we need to have this, like, API building skills.
Sunny Savita: API knowledge is required.
Venkat: The API is not…
Sunny Savita: not difficult, right? So, you can easily learn that it is just a data transfer between,
Sunny Savita: Oh, you're.
Venkat: Just…
Sunny Savita: The main browser, right? That's it.
Venkat: I understand, I don't have API skills, but, recently, when we were doing some, you know, POC on AI projects, which, like, an organization is pushing, then I used a cloud code and, you know, developed one EA ProID. Then they said.
Venkat: no, we don't just need, like, you know, this POC, we also need a working API, kind of, which we… we'll ask business teams to deploy, or, like, product teams, kind of. Then I was, like.
Venkat: how to do this again. Then again, I have used a cloud code and developed an API, so that's where I'm coming from this. So, in future, if we are, like, going to develop the Agents or something, I think we'll be asked to, you know, develop an API version of that, like.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, in our, of course, in our, basically, project also, it will come, so don't worry about that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so you can understand over there as well.
Venkat: Oh, dear.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Venkat: Okay, thank you, that's all from it, and thanks for these great sessions.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir, thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Ram.
Ram S: Vajamas.
Sunny Savita: Janan, please go ahead.
Ram S: Yo.
Ram S: So, sunny, actually, my question is, like,
Ram S: Will you showcase how to deploy the domain-based LLM, and how to create them?
Sunny Savita: Domain-based LLM, sorry, I didn't get that.
Ram S: Suppose, if any organization have a domain-specific LLM they want to create.
Sunny Savita: Okay, domain-specific LLM means you're asking fine-tuning, right?
Ram S: like, the LLMs which are generated to any company, that's…
Sunny Savita: Haha, that comes into the fine-tuning, yes, we are going to learn that, okay?
Ram S: And, okay.
Ram S: And suppose we have multiple agent take AI right now, we have AutoGen, Microsoft Agent, Slang Jen to create agents. So, which one you were saying?
Ram S: Europe.
Sunny Savita: We'll start from the line graph, then OpenAI SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this two framework, mainly, we are going to be discussed.
Ram S: And what would be the UI for those agents? Like, if I want to create a UI on top of that, will we stream it, or something else?
Sunny Savita: Huh, streamlit, basic HTML UI, React-based UI, and all, that we can create, that's not a big deal, okay?
Ram S: Okay, and, actually, I was coming from the .NET experience with, heavy experience, like, 10+, so how I will transition to, Gen AI so that I could get a much better salary, so that will.
Sunny Savita: So for that, actually, you will have to learn the Gen AI, right? That's why you are here.
Sunny Savita: And then, you will have to develop some project, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, you can double…
Ram S: I would move to AI architect role, or AI… Gen AI Engineer.
Ram S: Box.
Sunny Savita: Huh, AI architect role, basically, when you will get… if you have an experience in AI projects, Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, until you don't have experience as a, as an AI engineer, or as a, like, Gen AI engineer, you cannot move to the AI architect directly.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, first, gather some experience as a Gen AI engineer, do some project for 1 or 2 years, and then you can move to the AI architect role. Understood?
Ram S: And, do we have good packages in Gen AI, or is it same, like, of .NET or full-stack Engineering?
Sunny Savita: Packages are good, sir. See, packages basically depend on the position also, right? What kind of position, what kind of designation and work you are holding into the company.
Sunny Savita: So, let's say if you are going to talk about any consultancy, let's say, let's talk about the, PwC, Deloitte, McKinsey, right?
Sunny Savita: These type of company basically are giving good package to the senior manager, to the director level, right? There, they are holding the bigger program, they are managing lots of resources, they are coming with very good, project from the market, right? AI-based project and all, right? So, getting some good money over there.
Sunny Savita: On the other hand, if you're talking about some product-based company, so yeah, along with the experience, along with the position, they paid very well, right?
Sunny Savita: I've seen in many different companies. If you're talking about the different GCCs, right? Let's say if you're talking about the JP Morgan, or if you're talking about the Merck, right, GSK, I work with FIS, different other, companies, right? So they're also, with the experience of the position, they are paying very well. So along with that, along with the experience and position, you have an AI, right?
Sunny Savita: So your grow might be faster, because you are going to be developing those kind of applications for the enterprises, which they required, right? So, yes, salary, basically, it's a very subjective thing, actually.
Sunny Savita: And it depends on the experience and the position, definitely. But yeah, your growth might be faster along with the AI, okay?
Ram S: Suppose I have 10 years' experience. If I'm moving to Gen AI, will those 10 years will be considered my experience, or I would be considered, like, a fresher in JA, Gen AI, or…
Sunny Savita: No, sir. Why you will be considered as a fresher? Huh?
Ram S: Quality.
Sunny Savita: In 10 years, you're just transitioning the technology, no?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: You're not a, like, this college guy, or you're not a first year, second year of fresher, right? You are… you already spent some… you're just transitioning into your tech… you're just transitioning into the technology.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Let's say earlier you were using the keypad phone, now you are using the touch phone, right?
Sunny Savita: In both cases, you are using FONNA.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Ram S: Okay, and today you highlighted, like, transform will become in the interview, so you would prepare some interview session for us, like, any CV preparation or interview questions, answer, series, something.
Sunny Savita: interview question I can share, in the upcoming sessions, okay? As of now, like, don't focus on that side. If you wanted to get… you can check with my YouTube video, I think I share, 200 to 300 questions in one of the YouTube video. Okay, there I included a transformer question also, okay?
Sunny Savita: And once I'll, the transformer. Automatically, you will get what they might ask in an interview, okay?
Ram S: And, in next session, shall I keep my, coding window open while you are writing some code?
Sunny Savita: No, don't worry, sasi, don't be overthinking. Just, like, sit and relax and enjoy the session. That's it, okay?
Sunny Savita: And whatever going in a class, just follow that, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Ram S: Okay, okay, and last question, like, would you consider, like, JSON data is good for GenAI, RAC-based solution? Like, if I have a JSON-based data.
Sunny Savita: Should I do something.
Ram S: Just don't.
Sunny Savita: way, right, is one of the way for arranging a data, that's it, right? It can be used in multiple places, and yeah, when we'll create an application, right, at that time, you will see the use of the JSON object.
Sunny Savita: And if we are going to be arranging the data in the JSON format, yeah, that's fine, sir. That's not a big issue, okay?
Ram S: Okay, actually, maybe this could be, like, chunking something, because JSON is big, so…
Ram S: it could move to next chunk or something like that. I was trying that, but not get the fulfilled results.
Sunny Savita: Just, just wait for the topic, okay, yeah.
Ram S: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah. Okay, thanks, Sonny, for your time.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Hi, can you hear me?
Princ: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, yeah, Vijay, I can hear you.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: I'll share my screen, I just wanted to have…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share with Joe, just a sec.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Prince, what's your doubt? Can you please tell me?
Princ: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Princ: Hello, hello.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you. Please go ahead.
Princ: Hey, this is…
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Hey, Sunny, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you, Pijay. Yeah, you go ahead. Prince, I think something is wrong with your mic. Please check once.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, hi, hi. Please, please tell me what's your doubt.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Actually, you know, I actually tried installing this GitHub Copilot chat, but you can see, right, the window is not popping up, actually. You can see here…
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: You can fail. It says install.
Sunny Savita: This is a Windows, no? This is a window, right? Just write your message there.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: On where, exactly?
Sunny Savita: right inside, see? Just… just close this one, this pop-up, yeah, now here, write the message.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, can you just give me some sample?
Sunny Savita: Whatever, whatever message, hi, hello, whatever.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Oh, that's it, right? So that's basically internal.
Sunny Savita: Oh, that's it. See, it's working.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay, so it's because I was thinking it's in style, and I just wanted to show you my co-pilot as well, so this is fine, right? I just checked my…
Sunny Savita: See, this is fine, and even it got set up in the VS Code also, so no worries. Got it?
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay. Okay, so that should be fine, right? So that… It's not an.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: So, I had one more doubt. I was actually going through the, the prerequisites, right? So, for Python, so I worked on Python, but, but you know, right, how in, like, company things.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: you don't use many of the functionalities. So, for getting deep dive into Python, I mean, it's fine if I go through the full Python prerequisites list, that should be fine.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: For getting a deeper knowledge.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, at least core Python, sir. Core Python is required. In core Python, if-else functions, oops, knowledge, file handling, exception handling.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this thing is required. Pretty much required. And, database connectivity also, this one.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, so you'll suggest any links apart from the one which Krishnaik has already listed, right? The prereqs is listed, right? Or that should be fine, you know?
Sunny Savita: That… that's fine, sir, because that is one and only prerequis… means the video we have provided over here. Other than this one, we have integrated video with the other courses, so…
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Pro Access, maybe you can access the other courses where we are teaching Python also.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, can you suggest some? Any questions?
Sunny Savita: AI Pro, I think, that you can check, where we are giving access of the… all the courses, whatever is there, over the AI Creation Academy.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, so it's on Udemy, or something, or…
Sunny Savita: No, no, not Udemy, here only, over the platform. Just check krishnayak.in, just check with that website.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: That's true.
Sunny Savita: But I think the price is a little higher, higher on, of that, subscription. You can, compensate it. I mean, so whatever you paid over here for this, just go with the live class.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Do one thing, scroll down, scroll down, sorry, scroll down, yeah, scroll down.
Sunny Savita: I think it is not… okay, do one thing, just check out with the counseling team, they will guide you regarding that. Do you have a number, or should I provide you that?
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: No, I have the number, I have the number.
Sunny Savita: Just call them directly, they will, give you the link directly, okay? You can check over there.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay. Another one other thing is, I wanted to ask you, like, say, in these geni things, is traditional ML even irrelevant? Like, say, I have done lots of projects on all these, using, like, decision trees, gradient posting, RFC classifier, and all those things.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Is it worth, like, deep diving more into those things, or is it's not relevant?
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: That's what I'm asking, trying to…
Sunny Savita: Application-wise, it is… for application, it is not required.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, for theoretical understanding, you can learn those things, right? Okay, on the application side, it is not required directly.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, any courses for that? Like, say, deep diving into all these, like, random forest classifiers, and any courses you would suggest?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, full-stack data science, the ultimate data science and engineering bootcamp, no? So, here we cover the data science also. So, there these, things comes, the machine learning and all, okay?
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay, so this one I led to… okay, okay, fine, fine. Was this already completed, or it is still going on?
Sunny Savita: This is going on, actually, but I think the first batch we have completed, so if you will purchase the AI Pro subscription, there you will get access of these batches as well, okay?
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Okay, okay, okay, fine, fine, fine.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: That should be fine. Those are doubts I have, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, thank you.
Vijayanand Palaniswamy: Thank you, Edmus, thank you.
Sachin Rajendran: Hi, Sunny. Ms. Sachin.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a second, Sachin. Prince, yeah, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Please, please check your…
Princ: Jim…
Sunny Savita: I think you have somewhere.
Princ: Absolutely.
Sunny Savita: microphone.
Princ: Sunny, can I go ahead? Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you are… you can go ahead, I'm calling your name, please go ahead.
Princ: Awesome. Sunia, so, actually, I was just, getting this issue with the UV setup. So, just to check if you're going to take some additional class.
Princ: Next time, or…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you…
Princ: and showcase Mike.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, UP setup, again, will repeat.
Sunny Savita: Because in every project, we are going to do that setup, UV setup.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Princ: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, no need to worry, just wait for maybe 2 to 3 more classes. Again, I'll show you this UP setup. Got it?
Sunny Savita: But if you have any issue right now, just share the skin, I'll check what issue you have, I'll, solve that, okay?
Princ: Okay, I'll just share my screen. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: I'm promoting you as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I added you as a panelist, you can share the screen.
Princ: share… I think I can share now, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please share.
Princ: Okay, I just, so, I have installed the VS Code editor, then…
Satish Kumar: Hello?
Princ: Today, what do you?
Princ: what you have mentioned for co-pilot, that also stopped, but UB, I'm getting the error.
Princ: If you can see my screen.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Princ: So, I tried with PowerShell also, and then…
Sunny Savita: Python was not found… see, I think Python is not there, no? First, install the Python.
Princ: So, I… should I go with CMD or the Python, this part?
Sunny Savita: No, just do one thing, go with the extension.
Sunny Savita: Click on the extension.
Sunny Savita: Left-hand side extension is there, right?
Sunny Savita: Extension.
Sunny Savita: Left, left, left, second left option.
Sunny Savita: Second pillow from pillow, second option.
Princ: to this one? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Click Gride Python over here.
Sunny Savita: Fuck.
Princ: Okay, so it's a Python.
Sunny Savita: on this one.
Princ: First one?
Satish Kumar: Fantastic.
Sunny Savita: Second one, second one.
Princ: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: You already installed this, right? Now, open the CMD.
Sunny Savita: CMD, CMD.
Princ: Yeah, click on the CRM bless you.
Sunny Savita: Command prompt. Right here, Python.
Sunny Savita: Hit enter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in your system, you don't have Python, right? So just install… download the Python from here.
Sunny Savita: Get it, click on get.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Princ: Okay, so it will take it from Python main website, right?
Sunny Savita: from the Microsoft Store only, or you can download from it from the Python website also, both is fine.
Princ: Don't forget.
Sunny Savita: Actually, in your system, you don't have Python, and without Python, you cannot run pip or UB, okay? So, in code system, in the main system, you should have Python first.
Princ: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Let it download, give me a minute, okay? I'm coming.
Princ: Yeah.
Satish Kumar: Hello?
Princ: It's convenient.
Satish Kumar: preference.
Princ: What should I eat?
Princ: Okay, excellent.
Satish Kumar: and temperature challenges.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please open it.
Satish Kumar: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Just, just, just give me a minute, sir, okay? Let me clarify this doubt, then I'll come to you, okay? Satish?
Satish Kumar: Like, enabled Amy?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you wait, please? Let me clarify this doubt, then I'll come to you, okay?
Princ: We're asking…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yes, click on yes. Sorry, right device.
Satish Kumar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hit enter.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: what it opened. Can you close it?
Sunny Savita: Now, check another path, yes, write yes, and then…
Sunny Savita: Write Y and… yeah, write Y there, and hit enter, yeah.
Princ: It's.
Sunny Savita: Right while? Yeah, right while.
Sunny Savita: UI, and…
Sunny Savita: You can close this, I think it will redirect you over the browser. Now… yeah, now I think it is installed.
Sunny Savita: So, OpenOS.
Princ: I can close this. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you open the CMDA, right?
Princ: So, this one?
Sunny Savita: Open the CMD and write Python there.
Princ: So, should I start from this? Okay, this one, okay. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: That is also fine, no? You open this much of CMD, right? Just open any one of them and write Python.
Princ: Okay, now I think it's taken 3.0.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now it is coming, now install the UB, sorry, okay?
Sunny Savita: Along with the Python, automatically you will get a pip. Got it?
Princ: So, should… should I go with the steps, what is provided?
Sunny Savita: What is provided?
Princ: PowerShell?
Sunny Savita: Fantastic.
Princ: PowerShell, or is it for…
Sunny Savita: ourselves, CMD, work with a CMD, okay?
Princ: Because the steps provided is for PowerShell.
Princ: Not the CMD one.
Sunny Savita: You can.
Princ: If you can see…
Sunny Savita: You, you can ignore this one, you can directly install this UB only, right? Pip install UB, it will install, okay?
Princ: Okay, okay, let me try with the steps, and I'll come back if there…
Sunny Savita: I've given you the step, open my GitHub and check out over there, okay?
Princ: Okay, okay, perfect, yeah. Okay, I'll come back tomorrow if there is any issue further here.
Princ: Thanks a lot, Sunny, I think it was really…
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: I think of this correctly. Thank you, thank you, ma'am.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Satish, Christopher, anyone is there? Or, I think… wait, Sachin, you were asking the doubt. Sachin, can you please go ahead?
Satish Kumar: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Sachin Rajendra.
Satish Kumar: Hello.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you. Yes, I can hear you, Satis. Please go ahead.
Satish Kumar: Okay, okay, so I don't know, like, is there any way, other way we can connect with you? Because really, it is… I feel difficult. I don't know, like, whether I'm sometimes connected or not. Also, like, I have that doubt.
Satish Kumar: something, maybe, I don't know, this doubt section maybe can be improved.
Christopher Daniel: Hello?
Satish Kumar: Yeah, this doubt section, like… Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes, I'm hearing you, Satish. Yeah, please go ahead, yeah.
Satish Kumar: Yeah, okay, maybe this, I don't know this. Any order we maintain here for this doubts session or something?
Sunny Savita: Sorry, what you said, I'm…
Satish Kumar: Any order is being maintained for the clarification, like…
Sunny Savita: We are already in order now, right? So someone is getting chance, like, at the first place, or someone is getting later on. I think that should not be an issue. See, as I told you in the initial of the class, we are into the starting of the session, right? Starting of the course. So there could be, like, multiple doubts, so many people are having doubt, right?
Sunny Savita: So, you might feel like your chance is not coming, you are getting delayed. It's fine, right? What you can do, you can drop the session. Later on, you can drop me a mail. Sunny, I didn't get a chance, I wait for so long, can you please connect with me? I'll give you the special time, sir, okay? So, don't worry about the doubt and all, and…
Sunny Savita: please believe me, after some time, maybe after, like, 2 to 3 weeks itself, it's going to be a, like, decrease. Means you no need to wait for such long time, maybe, I think, within a 15 minute or within a half an hour itself, you will get your chance. Got it?
Satish Kumar: Okay, so, like, I am totally 17 years of experience.
Satish Kumar: Okay, but in mainframe technology. And for the past 6 months only, like, I started exploring in the AA1.
Satish Kumar: Like,
Satish Kumar: So, is there any scope for me, like, in the industry, or, like, chance to get, I mean, because I'm shifting after 17 years, right, so will there be any chance for NDA development, or, like, is that something possible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely it is possible. So what, first of all, you will have to learn the… this… you will have to learn the Gen AI, the core of the Gen AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If you have 17 years of experience, I would say that's a huge advantage, right? And if you know the mainframe, means you know the system, you know the stability, you have an enterprise exposure.
Sunny Savita: Right? I understand that tech is outdated now, Right?
Satish Kumar: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: But you can still jump into the AI development role.
Satish Kumar: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Satish Kumar: No, like, yeah, but, like, I mean…
Sunny Savita: Yacht.
Satish Kumar: Like, any outside organization will adapt. Yeah, that's the doubt I had.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, obviously, it will adapt, but you will have to showcase some experience, first of all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, experience-wise, how you can showcase that? You can build up, you can first, you can learn, then you can build up some project, and you can say, I have at least 2 years of experience in AI. 1 year of experience in AI. Do some project over there, showcase your project work.
Sunny Savita: Right? Title yourself as a senior engineer who builds the AI system for the enterprise use cases. That should be your title.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Satish Kumar: So, like, any, like, guidance should be provided, for this.
Sunny Savita: Guidance by what we are learning the end-to-end thing over here, right? I think this is the biggest guidance. See, if you want, like, additional, guidance regarding the resume, project, what kind of project… Yeah. Yeah, so that part will come, okay, as we will progress.
Sunny Savita: Definitely you will see that. Maybe within, two to three months, once we'll develop at least one project, and I'll show you a couple of resume, interview questions and all, you will get… you will get more idea about that. So, be here, sir, at least for 3 to 4 months next, be consistent in the live class. If you're not able to attend the live class, watch the recording.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So, until we are not going to develop at least one project.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Maybe you might not feel, Sunny, how we can transition, or what I need to mention inside the resume, what kind of project I need to create, right? But at least once we'll create one project, or we'll deploy that, you will get more confidence on that side. Understood?
Satish Kumar: Oh, like, if, in case any opportunity comes, means, like, you will be notifying us, or what, what kind, like, it will be done?
Sunny Savita: If you want, then I can give you,
Sunny Savita: I recently got, the requirement from the EY.
Sunny Savita: They required some AI engineers. Maybe tomorrow I'll let you know, okay? I'll, float one Google form, there you can fill out your detail.
Sunny Savita: And, you can get a referral and all. But again, I would say, if you're going for any AI interview, first prepare yourself, then go for that.
Satish Kumar: Yeah, maybe tomorrow itself, I'm not going for the interview, but, like, you know, after this learning process.
Sunny Savita: I can, yeah, I can do that. See, as, see, whenever referrals are coming to me, whenever any opportunities are coming to me, right? So, I am referring to my student only. In my previous batch also, I placed around 70 to 80 people, okay, in the different other places, right?
Sunny Savita: Just by referring, just by giving their… them the interview opportunity. I understand many, some of the profile is not being… not is going to be select, right? Few people are not able to clear the interview, but yeah, most of the folks basically were placed.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, as the referrals are coming to me, I'll share definitely, okay?
Satish Kumar: Okay, because, like, if it's low experience means, like, I would not worry much, but it's almost, like, sounding plus that's why…
Sunny Savita: No, sir, it's not like that. I seen,
Sunny Savita: In the industry, right? People are, like, transitioning with a 24 year of experience.
Satish Kumar: Whoa.
Sunny Savita: Oh, so that is not a big one. See, 15-year, it's, like, fine. So everyone, whoever has started their career in
Sunny Savita: 20, 2010, or 2015, right? So they are having that kind of experience, the similar, in the similar, basically, group you come, right? So I won't, say, like, you have a very… you are very old now, and you cannot transition. It's not… not like that, right? At least you should try.
Sunny Savita: See, your goal should be like that. At least you can, spend, more, 5 to 8 year into the industry, right? Okay. At least, like, you should have 25 years of career, right? So, you can easily spend 8 more years, and you can work along with the AI, AI development projects and all.
Sunny Savita: Which is the current requirement, the current era, okay? So go for that, learn that, and then transition into that. Got it?
Satish Kumar: Okay, sorry. Yeah, thanks.
Sunny Savita: Think.
Christopher Daniel: Okay.
Sandeep: I…
Christopher Daniel: Am I audible, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, your turn right, Satish?
Sandeep: Okay.
Sandeep: Hey.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sandeep, Christopher, anyone is there, guys, please go.
Christopher Daniel: Yeah, I'll go. I'm Christopher. So, actually, I'm considering buying a new laptop.
Sunny Savita: regard.
Christopher Daniel: that part, Will you be running, LLMs locally, or any trainings locally in our laptop?
Sunny Savita: No, sir, actually, we are not going to do that. It takes, like, see, everyone is not able to do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we are not going to do… I can show you one or two examples. If you're not able to do, then it is fine. Otherwise, we'll set up everything in a collab. Okay, if we are going to be load the LLM, if we are going to follow any sort of a training. Got it?
Christopher Daniel: Nope.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Christopher Daniel: So, so it's not a requirement that we need, like, VRAMs, right, locally, like RTX 4060 with.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no. For AI perspective, if you will ask to me, I would say no. But for the good system, right, if you're going to use it for the other uses, for the editing, rendering, for the gaming, right, and if you want a good system at your home, then I would recommend you go for that. Got it?
Christopher Daniel: Okay, okay, okay. And, can I go for… go for MacBook? It's the training and the tools that you mentioned in the Notion today.
Sunny Savita: You're better.
Christopher Daniel: Matt.
Sunny Savita: MacBook are the very robust, actually, and I use MacBook for the development, it is very good, so you can go for that.
Christopher Daniel: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Christopher Daniel: Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Telling you certain.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, any more people having any doubt, guys? I've given access to everyone, please go ahead, if anyone is having doubt.
Sandeep: Sunny, bro.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Sunny.
Sandeep: Hello, Sonny?
Sunny Savita: Oh, yes, yes, Sandeep, please go ahead.
Sandeep: Yeah, so, see,
Sandeep: See, I'm managing projects right now, I have two accounts, right? But I'm quite interested in learning GenAI. It's anyways a mandate nowadays.
Sandeep: Working for head of engineering, more hands-on, plus the, you know, the owning the system, plus product management space, like, so this connects everywhere.
Sandeep: And I'm hoping, like, some background work, like hands-on programming, hands-on MLOps, and how everything works, right, in tandem.
Sunny Savita: uncomfortable.
Sandeep: Business will actually make use of the entire JNAi stuff.
Sandeep: In the airport, so…
Sandeep: forward to.
Sandeep: My question is…
Sandeep: How long does it take, you know, to be able to connect every dot and then, you know, go to that level? Because right now, it's been, like, 10 years since I have last touched any code.
Sandeep: I'm very well versed with the oops concept, only the semantics needs to be now changed, and…
Sandeep: You know, every programming language has a library, so even has libraries, so I need to get up to speed of the libraries, okay, how they work.
Sandeep: So, how much time do you think, like, it will take, in a… like, I'm managing projects right now?
Sandeep: really hands-on on DevOps, MLOps, and, this thing.
Sandeep: And I'm looking forward to head of engineering and, product management space, actually, head of product.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you are looking for the head of engineering now, alright? Means, after this role, right? Yeah. You wanted to lead a project, and basically you wanted to integrate the AI, right? AI-enabled project, mainly.
Sandeep: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Correct. So, see, for that, role, I don't think you should require the DevOps knowledge, end-to-end deployment one. Okay, you should be very good with the AI stack.
Sandeep: Oh, cool.
Sunny Savita: Right? AI stick means what? Like, how AI works, how you can integrate AI in the application, how it could be useful for the product, okay, and how you can convince to the business.
Sandeep: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So you have to think on that side, on that level, right? Now, if someone is going to be asked, let's say you are one, who are directly working with a partner, right? Or you are directly working with a director, and you are the one, basically, who are responsible for delivering that product.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, you are not going to be, basically code by yourself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Instead of that, you are… you will be having some of your, folks, the, basically what I would say, some senior folks, right? They are the lead, architect, they are the lead consultant, or they are the, like, the tech architect, okay?
Sunny Savita: You are going to take a help of those folks who design a system, and you are just taking a reporting of those things.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. For that thing also, you should have a knowledge.
Sunny Savita: knowledge of what? Knowledge of the core AI part. So what you can do, you can mastery on the RAC part, you can mastery on the agentic side, because,
Sunny Savita: with my experience, I can say most of the time, you are going to be designing a robust agent system, and that could be the requirement of the business, to get an auto no means at the application.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So I would highly recommend you to learn about the RAG, to learn about the agents, to learn about the multi-agents. Okay? And
Sunny Savita: deployment and all, I think that is not required.
Sunny Savita: Coding side, if you want to do the hands-on, then I already introduced the co-pilot and the cloud, you can directly do that. Just by giving instruction, you can build the application, the agentic application, or anything, but you should have the fundamental level of understanding of it.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sandeep: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sandeep: And, does the head of engineering also cross, I mean, crosses the road with the, product management space?
Sunny Savita: I don't think, that is a different, part. See, if you're into the prod… if project… product management, basically, it comes…
Sunny Savita: What I can say, it is a parallel thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Means you are not going to be owned, maybe, that.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be a more functional, site, right? Where basically you just need to be, like, prepare some DAC, or you just, need to be, like, participate in the,
Sunny Savita: a QA site, okay, or
Sunny Savita: basically UAT side, okay, to check with that, client, right, what is the day-to-day requirement of the application, how to arrange a team, how to manage the resources and all. So that's going to be part of the, part of that particular role, right? Engineering means, like, you are core, you are, like,
Sunny Savita: Into the technical side, completely.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: So both are the different thing, and the parallel one.
Sandeep: Yeah, okay, because I got, like, 22 years of experience.
Sandeep: I'm just wondering, like, what would be the better role now? Because I'm managing right now the SAP projects, so…
Sandeep: There's a document.
Sunny Savita: So what you can do now, see,
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what you are doing, what is your current job right now? As you said, you are managing the SAP project, so what is your current, work, the day-to-day work you are doing there?
Sandeep: So it's more of an operational plus the ground-level execution, where I manage the outcomes related to all the, you know, features getting delivered properly. I help the team to, you know, ensure how they can get over the obstacles, and.
Sandeep: You know, handle all the logistics in terms of bridge between the business and the, you know, the developers.
Sunny Savita: Nope.
Sandeep: The entire program management and outcome related to why the project
Sandeep: or the program got on the floor, right? It is a change target.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I think you're doing everything on an application level, right?
Sunny Savita: And with a 22 year of experience, you know, system, business, techo, stakeholder, right? Everything.
Sunny Savita: So you just need to be… add the AI layer on top of it, what I think so.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, what you can do for that… Seat.
Sunny Savita: you need to be understanding the EI use cases, right?
Sunny Savita: How to integrate the AI inside the system.
Sunny Savita: Okay? End-to-end architecture of that.
Sunny Savita: And, you need to be understanding, like, how we can combine the business with that.
Sunny Savita: AI, okay, with that AI requirement. So you can, like,
Sunny Savita: demonstrate yourself as an AI solution architect, okay? Or AI architect, basically, what I would say. Got it.
Sunny Savita: So you can transition into that one.
Sunny Savita: Because you already have the, like, knowledge of the system, business, stakeholder, as I already told you.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So you can, like, what you can do, where you can focus more, as I told you, agentic system, and, some sort of this, low-code and no-code site. Got it?
Sandeep: Great, okay, yeah, thank you for your clarification and patiently listening to all of us.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, thank you, Sandeep. If anything is required in future, let me know, okay? I'll help you there.
Sandeep: Yeah, sure. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Hello, Sonny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yes, please go ahead. Rivan Sidha.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Yeah, Ravan Sita. Thank you for your, session. So, actually, I'm having, means I… I was working as a, in, in INFRA as a storage administrator, and from there onwards, I went to, this, Cloud DevOps.
Revansiddha Wagdole: AWS cloud device, but then again, now I'm more to VMware Cloud.
Revansiddha Wagdole: So, and I am having altogether 17 plus years of experience in IT, and… but overall, it's 23 plus years of experience. So, to…
Revansiddha Wagdole: for better stability, or for catching up with the current… current ma… current market trend, I joined this course, but not… I'm now not sure how to proceed with this, means the…
Revansiddha Wagdole: Shall I go for? And this is the query I'm having.
Sunny Savita: You can go for the Gen AI Engineer role now.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Okay, no, means overall, 17… means related to IIT, it's 17 plus years of experience, but overall, it is showing 23 years of experience after post-graduation, so that is creating a barrier
Revansiddha Wagdole: For… while applying for an interview or something.
Sunny Savita: No, see, it's not going to be a barrier, basically, it's going to be your strength, right? So you have to be, articulate your experience in such a way that, you are already experiencing an AI.
Sunny Savita: Just showcase to do theory of experience in the AI. Got it?
Revansiddha Wagdole: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, in that case, basically, you can directly jump to the GenAI role. After getting experience of certain projects, at least one or two projects, you can say, I am an AI solution architect.
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? Yeah. Yeah. That will be the good strategy. Understood?
Revansiddha Wagdole: Okay, and… and the… another thing is that, means, in the… during the, lecture, you mentioned that there are frameworks, so do we have to go through, all those, frameworks, to be a master?
Revansiddha Wagdole: Or how come? I mean, it's just, overall, overview also is sufficient, and one of the… one of… one of… one or two of the special, frameworks we can come, master itself.
Revansiddha Wagdole: And that will also…
Sunny Savita: If you know at least one framework deeply, then we can understand any framework, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, master at least one, and I'll let you know which one you need to master, and as we'll progress inside the course, okay, in the classes, you will get to know that.
Revansiddha Wagdole: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Revansiddha Wagdole: So, that, that, that's, that's my, that's much only. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, thank you, Ravin Siddha. Yeah, Aklesh, you're done, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, Klesh is not having any doubt. Roy, you are done, right?
roy: Oh, nope.
roy: Can I just go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, please go ahead.
roy: Okay, so, you just, told Ravi Shiddha that,
roy: we can show some experience in AI, right?
roy: And, to cover, projects like that, that we can, show as an experience, what kind of, subscription we need?
roy: For these codes, like OpenAI, AWS, Azure.
Sunny Savita: We'll, we'll, we'll talk about that, sir, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: Why you're taking subscription right now?
roy: No, no, I'm just asking.
Sunny Savita: So OpenAI API subscription.
Sunny Savita: If it is required, okay? For, for the good, model reasoning and all, right?
Sunny Savita: So, and Cloud One, if you are going to deploy the application over the AWS, if any sort of a billing is coming, right? You can waive off that, but let's say if you're in… if that is your important account.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can, like, pay, maybe, if the bill amount is a little low and all, something like that, right? So we'll discuss onto that side, once, we'll progress, okay, inside the course.
Sunny Savita: So, let it be for the future, I would say.
Sunny Savita: After, like, 2 to 3 weeks, this thing will be more clear. Got it?
roy: Okay, thanks.
Sunny Savita: So… Think.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Roy is done. So, Shil, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, no doubt, from Sushiland, now…
Sunny Savita: Anji Babu, do you have any doubt?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yo, hi, sir, thank you.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Finally, I got it.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, please go.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: The problem I am facing from starting from March 15th class onwards, I couldn't able to see this audio unmute or mute button.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: I'm… I'm.
Sunny Savita: It happens, actually. See, what you're doing, maybe you're just raising the hand, then you're,
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Whoa.
Sunny Savita: Maybe you are lowering the hand, right? Or maybe you are disconnecting, so because of that, I'm not able to see you.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's fine, yeah, you can go ahead with the doubt.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, no, I… my question is, you know, I have total 16 years of an IT experience, and from past 7 years, I was working in a cloud DevOps engineer, mainly CICD pipelines and all.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: So, yeah, my… I'm okay to continue this one. My, you know, my goal is,
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: to move my career from cloud DevOps to completely generative AI and all.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so what, on what, which cloud you were working?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Right now, I'm working previously AWS Cloud and, Microsoft Azure Cloud, so completely was in GitHub Actions, Azure, Azure DevOps, and we are using some AKS Kubernetes, something…
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: At present, I'm working from past 6 to 7 years, one of the clients, sir.
Sunny Savita: So, see, as I told you, this is the DevOps, data engineering, these are the…
Sunny Savita: Evergreen jobs, okay? It's a stable one, alright?
Sunny Savita: It's not going to be anywhere. If you are an experienced one in that, then no one is going to replace you. According to me, next 5 years, no one.
Sunny Savita: Right? But again, AI, basically, it's not a hype. It's a real thing, right? And the market is going to be shift.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Tofu…
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Listen.
Sunny Savita: already have a DevOps knowledge, if you have some sort of a knowledge of the backend engineering, mainly the DevOps side, then,
Sunny Savita: You can be here if you want, right? Along with some AI knowledge, AI tool knowledge, how to use that for your work.
Sunny Savita: Right? There is two kind of person, the one who is creating the system.
Sunny Savita: AI system, basically, and the second, who is using the AI system, AI tool, right? So, you could be in your job, in your DevOps, or whatever work you are doing, and you can understand how to use the AI tools. That is one type of thing.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, another one, basically, AI1. So, if you want to do part of this AI, right? If you want to do part of this AI explosion.
Sunny Savita: Right? In that case, you can, basically switch over there. What you can do, you can… you already know the cloud, you already have an understanding of the system. On top of it, you can add the AI. You can showcase some project, you can build that.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: We haven't used any AI-related services in either, AWS.
Sunny Savita: Fine, use that now. Use that. Whatever service there, let's say in Azure, Cloud Foundry is there. Learn the Cloud Foundry. Understand the AI infra, cost optimization, scaling.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: All of those services would be covered in this course, sir?
Sunny Savita: Huh, means, deployment side will show you, but, not on a real side. See, if the cost optimization is coming. So, in real time, the challenges could be different over there.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, got it, got it. Yeah, got it.
Sunny Savita: So, DevOps, with AI, AI infra cost optimization scaling for the AI, along with some development, that will help you.
Sunny Savita: So, just integrate the AI layer with your work. I would say that would be sufficient. So, right now, don't be panicked. Cloud, DevOps job is a very good… it's a stable one, okay? And even I like that role. But again, the market's going to be shift. If you want some premium, salary and all.
Sunny Savita: Then you…
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: But, you know…
Sunny Savita: Okay.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: You know, but other vendors or customers are expecting in DevOps also, there is a Harness AI DevOps is coming into the picture.
Sunny Savita: That's what I'm saying now, AI infra.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah. Okay. Yes, yes, correct.
Sunny Savita: No.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yes, correct. Yeah, sir, one more doubt. So, last class, Sunday, when I attended with the Mona Li Singh, sir, that I set up Python in my MacBook. Just, can I share my screen? I think I'm pretty much good, everything, just, I want to showcase you, sir. Just, I will take only your time, 2 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, please showcase that.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Amol, any doubt you have, Amol?
amoljamkar: Hello, sir, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, I'm sharing my screen.
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait a mole, please show me the screen.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Okay, how can I share this,
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: I got the share option, how can I enter screen okay?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: It is going through some cities. Are you able to see my screen, sir?
Sunny Savita: No, I cannot see, sir.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: One minute served by a smoothie
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: I'm so sorry, sir, it's too late for you, I'm… I'm…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, it's okay, so don't worry about it.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, are you able to see, Serum now, my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, what happened, suddenly.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: It is this?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: It is the terminal?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Sir, I'm using MacBook, so that's a little bit, confusing, sir.
Sunny Savita: No, no, it's fine. So, everything is same, I think.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: I am very detached.
Sunny Savita: VS code would be same. What do you want here?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, yeah, here I have installed Python, and that I'm talking.
Sunny Savita: Huh, then it is fine now, it's working fine. Write Python here.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, UV, I'm not able to… UV is also initialized, pip install UV, I couldn't able to run that command, sir. As per.
Sunny Savita: write Python over here, and then check. Python is 0.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: I am following this document, UE iPhone version, I could see, sir.
Sunny Savita: Just write Python over here first.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Python, okay, okay. Okay, sir.
Sunny Savita: Python is there, now exit from here.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yes, indeed.
Sunny Savita: Exit, exit.
Sunny Savita: Open parenthesis, close parenthesis.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Oh.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now write Python 3.
Sunny Savita: installed UV.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, people… PIP3 install UB.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: PIP3 installed UV.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yuck.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Okay.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: That sounds cute.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Because of the Magna, pip will not work. PIP3 will work, okay?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Oh, PipTiva, yeah, I'm following this, that's why I miss it, sir.
Sunny Savita: I will mention the command there, don't worry, okay?
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, yeah. That's it right, sir. Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate everyone.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Chef.
ANJIBABU NALLAPANENI: Yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks, sir.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah.
amoljamkar: Hello, everybody.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, unmold, please move it.
amoljamkar: Yeah, yeah. So, I had first question is that, the TensorFlow versus PyTorch. I see that we are, recommending PyTorch for all the tasks, right? So, is there any issue with TensorFlow, why we are not going at with TensorFlow?
Sunny Savita: TensorFlow, basically, it's, like, a little complicated, challenging, and most of the, basically, development you will see around the PyTorch only, okay?
Sunny Savita: And we are not going to do that much of a low level of development via TensorFlow, or even the advanced concept of the PyTorch will be required. So…
Sunny Savita: We'll go with the PyTorch, and it is simple to use, and most of the development is going around to that only, okay?
amoljamkar: Okay, but I heard that in companies, like, suppose, like, like, while the, while before the agent takes place, I think TensorFlow was more industry-oriented. Like, is that true, or, is that not?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it was. It was invented by the Google, and Pyotch is invented by Meta.
Sunny Savita: So yeah, it was good, actually. I have worked with PyTorch in… not actively, like, the low-level development and all, but yeah, on some API level, I have used that.
amoljamkar: Okay, okay. And the second one is, actually, I'm, I have subscribed to the AI Pro subscription, so I have the, access to the other courses as well. So, one question was that, like, suppose if I'm, since, since, like, since we see that many courses, they have, like, we have.
amoljamkar: the lectures clashing. So, suppose if I adhere to the recorded lectures, and if I have questions on them, can we… can I ask in the community or to you through the email ID you mentioned? Suppose if I'm not able to.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely, sir. You can write in a committee, or you can ask me all the email ID, okay? Both is fine.
amoljamkar: Okay, okay.
amoljamkar: Fine, thanks. And then the third question was, you mentioned for, for the bigger companies, they require, apart from the AI knowledge, they require DS algo and system design. So, which are all the skills, do we require, like, apart from, like, DS algo, system design is what I heard from you. Are there any apart, skills apart from these that we need to prepare for?
Sunny Savita: If you're fresher than, DS, knowledge.
Sunny Savita: If you are an experienced one, then, along with the DS system design knowledge, okay?
amoljamkar: Okay, Ms. DSN system design will be required. Okay. Got it. Okay, okay, Ms. Falgood, for the, higher… higher pay kind of paying companies, in this.
Sunny Savita: Correct. For the good, product-based company, this two combinations is required.
amoljamkar: Okay, and the last question is, just a general question, is Java, like, like, how do you think learning JavaScript in this, I mean, just off the, off the track question, is JavaScript use… can be useful for, for any purpose? Like, do you think it will be a useful language to master?
Sunny Savita: JavaScript basically is good for the development side.
amoljamkar: Yeah, I mean, the web development and those things, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So if you are actively doing web development, AI is optional for you.
Sunny Savita: Then, you should go with the JavaScript.
amoljamkar: Okay, okay. But for… if you are AI-focused, then Python will be the…
Sunny Savita: If you're AI-focused, if your career is AI-focused, then…
Sunny Savita: Basically, you should be stick with the Python only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
amoljamkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, whoever is going to be create our front-end, right, they are going to be learning this React next.
amoljamkar: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, for those, it's important. For backend side, again, Node is there, TypeScript is there, right? So, nowadays, most of the AI framework you will get in a JavaScript also, AI is DK, actually.
Sunny Savita: So, I would suggest, if you're more focused on development side, then…
Sunny Savita: JavaScript is mandatory, Python and the AI optional. If you are more focused on the AI, then Python is mandatory, JavaScript is optional, okay?
amoljamkar: Yeah, yeah. And the final one was, like, suppose if I'm, like, actually, I have also subscribed to all the Udemy courses of Graystar, so is there any, like, suppose if my focus is on the deeper aging AI thing, then…
amoljamkar: I think this course, live course, plus, suppose if I want to refresh before the class, is there any Udemy course you recommend, or in any other, like you mentioned, I think, in a historical course?
Sunny Savita: You can take courses there, just check over there, I think one, Langraph, something like that, right? Okay. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, just…
amoljamkar: We can…
Sunny Savita: Drop me a mail, I'll send you the link, okay? If you want.
amoljamkar: And we can ask you questions regarding Udemy course as well, right? Suppose if I have any questions to the…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can ask about the concept, actually.
amoljamkar: I'll talk to you.
Sunny Savita: So, URM codes, right? So…
amoljamkar: No, no, the concept, yeah, exactly. Like, suppose if I face some difficulty, I'm not able to resolve through any way, for the UW course, I can ask you through the email as well, right?
Sunny Savita: Ask the question about the concept, okay?
amoljamkar: Yes, yeah, yeah, definitely. I mean, some technical concept which I'm not able to comprehend, okay.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
amoljamkar: Okay, okay, yeah, thank you, Yamin. Yeah, great, great lecture we had today. Yeah, thanks for that.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Bye.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, guys, Aklesh, Sunil, anyone is there, please.
Sushil: Hi, Sunny, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you.
Sushil: Yeah, thank you so much for making this intro.
Sushil: course. It is awesome. You are taking each and every question. This is really good, and making it simpler for even experienced and researchers, and suggesting in the right way. This is really appreciated, very well, in this scenario. Coming to my question, I have, like, can we create an agent TKI
Sushil: to SAP tools like ERC, task creation.
Sunny Savita: Oh, understood.
Sushil: There is a restriction with that.
Sunny Savita: You are asking… sorry, what you are asking, can you please repeat?
Sushil: make, through agentic AI, making use of authentic AI.
Sushil: Can we create, a task in, can we create a, send a task, or create a task in SAP to, they have a one called, a module called VRC.
Sushil: governance with compliance. So, does the SAP allow agent PCI to communicate through that, or how it is like?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do that, actually. Agentic is developed by the tools, right? So you can create a tool, about your service, whatever service basically wanted to connect with the agentic flow. You can use the MCP also over there for exposing that, and it is very easy to connect.
Sushil: Oh, okay, MCP, through EMCP, right?
Sushil: Okay. Now, another question I have, like, when he was discussing with you, like, he was taking on technical discussion for a 24-year experience people.
Sushil: So, you went into the coding discussion. So, what was the role? I just wanted to know. It was for what position? Like, project architect, or means, like, AI architect, or gen AI architect, or what position?
Sushil: So, would you like to brief us more about it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, AI Architect and GenArchitect, basically it's a very subjective role, okay? In many projects, at many companies, it might exist, it might not exist.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so it comes, again, along with the experience. Okay, or it can be a project-specific role also. Let's say you are into one project, they are forming a team like that, where they are required the AI architect, AI engineer. So, they might choose a, the experience folks, okay?
Sunny Savita: Experienced folks means whoever already delivered the AI-related project, whoever is already, like, deployed the AI-related project for the business. Getting my point, right? So it's a subjective thing.
Sunny Savita: But the fundamental, all the fundamental roots are associated with the knowledge only, right? If you have a knowledge of the AI, if you know, like, LLMs working, if you know the, like, agents, RAG system, okay. If you know the real use of it.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, yeah, this, everything is going to work for us, means, we can, participate in the discussion, we can, suggest some architecture, even we can contribute in some development also. Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right? And even, we are working on the, like, on a manager role on the, basically where we are going to be manage the thing, product and all. If we have a knowledge of it, then better we can assist to our team in a better way. We can,
Sunny Savita: deep dive into the thing, okay, we can be more effective, in terms of delivery, right? And, yeah, that's it.
Sushil: Yeah, wonderful.
Sushil: No. We couldn't think.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Sunil.
Sunny Savita: Aklesh, do you have any doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Aklesh, I'm calling your name. If you're there, then please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I think there is no more doubt, it's 1AM right now.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Fine, so I'll see you in the next class. I hope you like the session.
Sunny Savita: Tomorrow, guys, I will start from wherever we left today, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, thank you, bye, take care, and I'll see you in the next class. Thank you, guys. Bye-bye.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, good night.